I, so I'm recording from now on, boom, record to the cloud. And I hope you all watching the recording and reviewing it.
I enjoyed your presentation. As you know, I gave you feedback, very, very detailed feedback. I hope you read it.
And so in previous, in previous classes, I I didn't give a full credit for the midterm just to like motivate the teams.
And in this case, in this case, I just felt that I should just give that I give you full credit even though I had comments.
And just because I think you didn't need that, you're not like, and motivated so much.
So I didn't wanna even. Start playing with it so almost like everyone who presented it was who was their gutful.
Full credit and but just so you know I I had my comments and I'm gonna talk today about them and I posted my comments so I'm asking you to at least review them and and think if you agree with don't agree because I also noticed that you didn't you didn't a lot of you didn't cooperate a comments from that I compressed.
And, assignments, mine, my, my things. So I suggest that you have 1% of the team.
Who's like in charge of all the, you know, the research and the academic part and all of that.
And also some that person will also keep track. But you're just checking the box and of. Of comments and everything that's written in And, and I will also suggest that this person will be in charge of the academic paper that you need to write.
So just make sure that you're addressing everything. But the idea, I loved you, I loved your idea overall.
I showed it to a few people who also were very impressed. And I think we can just make them amazing.
We can make them great. So that's the beginning. And, and let's start with like our regular.
Regular tech news. So one of the goals that I have in this class is to and get you in the habit of reading about technology and being interested in that.
So did anyone read so heard something interesting? I have I have something but let's let Kate, what do you have?
So this morning I was, walking my dog and listening to NPR. And they were talking about how.
Are starting like as they publish AI. Kind of comes out with a summary of their like their book or whatever.
And this like one case, this woman had written a story about. I wanna say is like the history of like Latino history or something like that.
So when she went out to go check like the reviews or whatever on Amazon. She saw that immediately there was like a suggested.
Like title on the summary of her book and it was like published the very next day.
So I thought that was kind of interesting because. In Amazon has like a self-published.
Options, but you can only put, you can, they're like set up so you can only publish like so many books per day.
But I thought that was kind of interesting because it's like Hey, I is kind of stealing all this like intellectual data.
And it's kind of undercutting like. Authors and.
Yeah, I mean, if it's undergoing so my brother gave me for my birthday birthday this week.
Happy birthday.
Can you give me for my birthday book? Thank you. Positive. Management, positive management, something about positive thinking.
And you can, so and I did, so I did do the. The AI summary, they gave me the main points, but I don't think it's enough.
So I also. Without telling you, you might also purchase the audio version, cause I like. Listen to it so there's something about going through the whole process of of the writing because, okay, so the keynotes, you have to think positive, you have to generate positive, blah, blah, but I think there's different, I mean, it's like watching a show reading about what happens and actually watching it.
So I wouldn't be worried too much about it. I think it's just like, it's a functionality.
That we have.
She said that it was like, you know, she spent 5 years on the research for the topic and then all of a sudden this.
Hello.
Hey. Selling it for significantly less. Good.
It's like someone someone can say, oh, I spent, I spent, you know, days handcrafting a t-shirt and then all of a sudden this machine popped up like 20 t-shirts in a second.
It's the same thing. I mean, we just, we had, we progressed and, and I'm also subscribed to something that summarizes book, just give me bullet points of like management books.
Just so I'll be in the loop. Okay, so you get the, it's not like reading them, you know, it's, It's a total different experience, I think.
If I was an author, I would not be worried about.
Yeah.
Can I add a comment to that? Yeah, so this, it reminds me of a, there's like a conspiracy theory on that on the internet called dead internet theory where where the internet is mostly just bots.
And automatically generated content. And so that That sounds like a step further in that direction. Right?
Like we're not really talking to people over the internet anymore. It's all just whatever computer on the back end is pretending to be a person.
Hmm.
It's a combination, no? Because obviously people publish I mean we are all publishing stuff. Don't you think?
Yeah.
I mean, in some stuff is computer, but there's also humans in the in the mix now?
Yeah, no, it it sounds like it sounds like a step in that direction right like you you published something.
Yeah.
It's immediately consumed by AI and now. Discussions around that. How much of that is just bots talking to each other?
Yeah, and I mean both are our little helpers and I I keep finding it from week to week and I'm so wanted so my news was a the upgrade of Claude.
I don't know if you know if you know and I hope I said correctly Claude by and I hate all those news but it's another, GPT.
It's like a Ch GPT agent, but I think it's a it's a game changer.
So right now I'm subscribed to 3 of them. Please 3, so I'm subscribed to Ch GPT.
I'm subscribed to the Claude and I'm subscribed to a copilot in this thing and basically what they did and I want to show my screen just to show you that because I think you can benefit a lot from it.
Here you can see my screen. You can see my screen. So they really made it worth the money.
So this is crude, my friend, my new friend. I'm really connected to it.
Alright, this is my guy, Claude here. I think it's a guy. And this is Claude.
So this is the paid version, okay? It's amazing. And And the idea behind it is that it's and it can handle very very large a text and also output very very large text.
So for example, I wanted to create I'm working on engagement and I want to create a literature review about that.
So. Let's see, let's go back to our conversation.
And see why Claude I think is worth the money. And also it has a very good API that I already started use.
So the answers bike cloud are, this is where we started programming. But the answers by code are so long and so in detailed and with academic references with research, with tables, with everything.
It's a really, it's much, much better than Ch GPT in actual academic writing, which is something that I find very important.
It also has this cool features. That whatever text you give it or you upload the text it's saved during the conversation.
So you can it always refers back to it so it doesn't forget so Clon is just a very, very, very smart and a generative.
A GPT generative predictive text agent. So I use them all interchangeably. I use code for a long writing academical.
Look at this literature, it's beautiful. I checked it also and I, use, so use code for academic writing.
I used to share GPT for for programming and for like short messages. And I use co-pilot for, search basically for immediate search and I use the AI of Facebook on WhatsApp when I'm watching TV and I just want to ask question but all of those agents are amazing I think they're great so they just launched this and it's a game changer and it's beautiful.
So that's my news to you and also recommendation. And anyone else has something cool to share with us?
And people with camera with camera turn off, I would really love to see your face. Like I appreciate. Thank you.
Just to you know, be present. Anyone else's some good news that they read?
I guess.
Yes, John, join in. Yes, yeah.
60, it's getting there.
Hi. I guess another There was a U.S.A. article about.
A deep fake on the internet. Just with AI. Being able to generate video and with, with marketing.
Yeah.
Some influencers or are getting into or non-influencers are getting into, you know, getting some promotions for different companies by faking celebrity.
It's created.
Faces and things and even voicing now with AI so it's It's getting. It's, you know, I just thought with, you know, with bracketology, you know, and.
Things. Like.
I'll give you, I'll give you an example. So this week I saw, so you know, you know that your vision, it's a big deal in Europe.
It's every country sings the songs. And so your vision in Europe is big and Israel is sending a song.
Thank you.
With so their singer, you know, just like the, but what they did, someone did it, it just took the Israeli president.
And replaced the singer with Israel president and just went viral. It just really looked like the Israeli president is doing this.
You know, this pop song at the your vision looks I, it looks real, it completely looks real.
So that really like, I was like, wow, I got the capability. So obviously the Israeli president is not.
Doing splits and sending you know ballads but it just looks really really good. So.
Yeah, and it's great when it's fun, but when it can be used as something this representing real, that's that's the worry, right?
And that's That's something I think, you know, will definitely have to kinda. Kind of be leery about in the future.
What I'm worried about is that video, maybe video will not be considered as evidence because let's say someone is not right now someone when someone is catched on video then that's proof but if some will say oh it's fake.
Right.
Then you know I just hope they will find a solution for that. Because I like I like the idea that there's cameras everywhere, you know, because we most of us are robbing citizens. So it's good that everything is documented.
So in case that but I hope. People will not start arguing that it's fake because I think then it's a problem, you know, people can get away with stuff.
Good. Yeah.
Exactly. It used to be like well if it's on video it's real because there wasn't this bakedness that you could get now there is So like you said, there's gonna have to be something more, right?
Good. And I'm a big advocate for putting cameras everywhere because I think If there's a crime, it should be recorded, you know, because it's in our best interest.
Okay.
There was a lot of like discussion about all the privacy and cameras and what we can, do have anything to hide, have nothing to hide.
As far as I'm concerned, cameras everywhere. That's just my opinion. And yes, I hope I hope it will stay, you know, because our safety.
Right.
And so that's my, I hope that. But you know, there's also good things about it because you can make actual movies like we saw with, things about it because you can make actual movies like like we saw with, yeah, you can make actual movies like like we saw with, yeah, you can make actual movies like we saw with, yeah, connect movies, you can make a lot of cool stuff.
So there's trade offs to that. And, what do you have to say?
I was just gonna say TikTok is getting banned. It's like They're like putting in like a past bill for it.
And so against it. Yeah, so it's because of because of China, right? China collecting data, that's the deal.
Yes, so it's because
Oh, yes. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm in China. I mean, I just hate TikTok, period. So I'm like, then it's get get it over with.
But yes, so because I guess because the data I I don't know if they sell here in the United States, the Chinese phones.
I don't think they're so popular like Shy and all of that, right? They don't sell Chinese cell phones.
They're very popular around the world and the idea is that, yeah, China is older. All your data.
I know that they don't sell a lot of Chinese cars here even, which is big in other countries.
So. Yeah, but I think China owns or has ties to a lot of Very popular apps. I mean, I think grinders under Chinese
So, but. How can you benefit, you know, it's like banning it's like banning people, it's just what the things are doing.
You can't tell them not to do it. Unfortunately. Yeah, I think it's just the way I mean the Americans are also collecting data about Chat, Chinese. I don't collect data about everyone.
I think that's. That's just the way it is in people, politicians or people with some kind of classification should not be on TikTok and then that's that.
That's my, yeah. Let's see. Anyone else got into something interesting this week, something fun?
Let's look. And I'm just eating dinner, okay, Max. And great movie, Virginia, which movie.
You're a vision. I think it was came out like maybe 5.
Which one? Yeah, yeah, and I know we'll, we'll, fair, yeah.
Well, the tall guy. Yes. Yeah. Very funny.
We'll, yeah, how did you call it? Extremely funny because Will Ferrell is married to a Swedish woman and And he was, and he was exposed to how your vision is like driving you crazy.
Yeah, it was funny.
And the movie just got it spot on. It's like really ridiculous. So it's, it's, it's funny to you, but it's really, really accurate.
So that's what's and people are going crazy already, really accurate. So that's what's and people are going crazy already, great Z.
So, on, yeah, they, I, fire Saga, I think it's called, that, so I recommend, yeah.
Recommend watching it. Yeah, if you wanna know what drives the revision, the Europeans crazy.
Okay, so this is our and this is our like tech talk over the week And I wanna start, I'll show my screen again.
I wanna start first of all with my feedback a little bit and then we'll go into a your feedback and so screen screen my screen to Hey, Rohimia, I think I, I think I bore you, right?
No, I'm sorry. I just had a long day.
You were like, no, I'm drinking, I'm joking, I just love the fact that I can see your faces and I can.
I can like torture you a little bit. Okay, so, here's my slide. And you, let's, just do a recap.
My slide is pretty, by the way, and it's pretty because of AI, because I finally got this, this guy, you see co-pilot here and I can ask it in the design of course and I can ask them questions like for example so I was I was working with today.
I can I have no no shame like I will tell you where is it most of it I did myself but Why not escalate?
I did. Ask him. No, not a lot. And This I think this
Oh yeah, and this also, what is functionality? So yeah, so I can ask certain things and just create the slides and also ask it to make it prettier.
By the way, I think it's not pretty because a good pre presentation has some kind of a consistency.
Like the presentation and team, trades brought like the template that Mix brought, that's a pretty presentation.
So this is like a hot mess. But I, I mean, I used it. Yes, Sabina.
To get that AI input, is that through the, premium purchase or do you have to download an extension?
Okay, okay.
Yeah, I paid. I paid $20. I'm still, I'm still on the fence if it's worth it.
I like Hope Pilot a lot.
I have to say. Because it's. And I compile it too, but, You like co-pilot when you ask questions, right?
Like the chat.
Wait, what's that?
That's you like the chat, right? The question.
I like, I think it elaborates more than any other AI like program that I've used.
I think it like gives, I don't know, I feel like it. Yeah, I just feel like it gives out more information.
If I ask it to site something, I'm getting actual citations and like the link of where the citation is.
So I personally like that over chat, GTP.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I agree with you.
And I also like that you can design like all that stuff on the side. Like the design, planning, all that fun stuff.
That's fun to play around with too.
Yeah.
Yeah, and it also has like image creation, which is cool. Yeah, no, I like it very much and the citations are also very good.
Like this image creation, I think it's the only one that does it good for free. So that's, let's see, let's see what it gives me.
You just text. You see, look at me. So apparently cool is a beard. According to, according to our co-pilot.
So that Very cool. But the way I am, I'm hating Gemini. This is so, so I asked, I wanted to create something and I asked, a, give me a business professor, something for myself.
So it gave me a it's like a black like a bunch of like black professors, but I wanted something for myself and I said, no, please make the professor white and then he basically called me racist and threw me out.
And I'm like, why racist? Because I asked for a white professor, you know. And so I, because I'm white, what can I do?
And I, so I really hate Gem and I, so like PC, like I could not get white professor or a male of the goddamn.
And also then I went back and asked, he gave me female and I said, no, I want a male professor, viewer, blah, blah, blah, for me out.
What? Is it bad to ask for a male professor? Why, you, you know, so I hate Jim and I hate, it's so woke, it's like horrible.
And
Okay.
I experienced something similar with generative images and and co-pilot and firearms. I asked it to draw like a Some pictures, about, like some jokes in hell divers right that that game we talked about a couple of weeks ago and I would tell it to like give it more gun, right?
Yeah. Yeah.
And it was like, no, sorry, that's against our terms and conditions and it wouldn't draw for me.
Yeah, yeah, no, but refusing to give me a white professor, but you know how I went I went around it I said okay we are making a joke give me a humoristic a a a cartoon of a professor and then it allowed so it was like but it was a cartoon because if it's a joke then it's okay.
So you can you can bypass. Those stupid rules they put in, but it just shows you that.
It's not, yeah, but, but you should, you should definitely play around with the different tools, co-pilot, claude, GPT.
So being what I'm paid for is what I pay for is the integration inside the inside the Microsoft apps.
Yeah. Gotcha.
So it's inside you get it? It's not just separate. And that amount defense and then on defense if it's worth it.
Yeah, absolutely.
Do you want to see like you want to see it in action? Yeah, okay, so let's see.
But it's not so good. So let's go and Generate. Some Clyde about
Oh, I just, about. Live nation. Entertainment.
I meant Enter, Okay, if it will get me.
Oh my god, didn't you generate it? I wasn't seen. Let's see if it gets me superity and then we'll go.
From there.
Why? Generate.
Some slides about Live nation.
First of all, that you see that it's not super quick. I can do that. Okay, so let's start a new one.
In new ones, when you start fresh with it, then it's usually. Much more happy to help you.
So let's start fresh. Okay, I'm fresh fresh. And now it comes.
What can I do? You see it's much, much more. Create a presentation.
If about live. Hmm, nation. And
Company. Excuse me, I'm not doing the right prompt, but that's how I want to do it.
So. Are you all with me?
If it says no, that I'm cancelling the subscription.
Bye. Black Nation Entertainment. First of all, rock and roll like I wanted.
And producing like Nation producers. You, okay, venue operation QTC. I'm in the game, I'm the zone, I like it.
It looks nice. Ours management, Jay Z, Riana, Coldplay, I would put a JC here.
Ticketing live nation sells over why did they put a telephone booth i don't know and the company okay so they operate the leading ticket price from ticketmaster also there's a lot of like, okay, so then they, operates the leading ticket price from Ticketmaster.
Also, there's a lot of like of black bullshit. Okay, so basically how what I suggest is just you start a new slide.
Every time and then and then just incorporate them together because it does do something good. And also you have it in ward, and you have it in, Excel, right?
So, inward edits. M. Correct. About the
Pain points. In the mobile. Okay. Live.
Nation in
By the way, I'm for you, I'm a great Easy to show on you because cause you're a great great student.
My undergrad, I started showing them AI stuff and I basically got submission which are screenshots of Ch GPT and stuff like like it backfired.
I know the horrible They're horrible. Okay, so you, so, but you know how to deal with it.
So let's see what it says. So remember it's difficulty finding events.
But by the way, I'm sorry, you see like this is a good structure, a little bit of text.
And the picture, even the picture is not relevant for anything, but you should you should get inspiration from it.
And pain point, inconsistent ticket price, okay, and if it's true now, this is pretty, this is a picture you can use dollars with audience pretty.
A pinpoint number 3, slow learning. Okay. Anyway, it should be a tool, not the solution itself, but It's cute.
And in word, it edits your text and Excel, you just does their analysis. And so that's what I meant with co-pilot paid.
It's my new, And let me go back to my presentation. I remember it's a tool, it's not a But and you should use the tool I'm expecting.
Because you have all those things in your in your fingertip, then why not? You can get very like very clear print points.
You can get really nice images. You can like it actually makes it maybe a little harder for you because the expectations are high because I can do this in like 5 min, then you can do it.
You can do 2. And. And okay, what's next website, but that's okay.
And let me go back to my presentation. This one.
Okay. And why did I put it first? I don't remember why put it first, but let's look over case study.
Okay, so today, first of all, our goal today is to and understand the requirements of our product.
And moving forward and move forward to our next stage, which is the design stage. Yeah, that's the creative.
That's the interesting stage. That's the stage where you should shine, but the design stage has to be built on top of a good research.
So I just gave you a little case study of like what Uber did. I love what they did.
Even though I don't have the company, I like what they did here. And so. Just a second.
Let's think. Okay, and based on your knowledge from this class and everything. Which demographics you think Uber are missing or they they can expand to and how would you solve it? I will help you.
You can see old people. All people find using Uber difficult even though they are the population that will should use it because they during drive, you know, like my grandparents and even my parents cannot comprehend Uber, I don't know why.
So, and that's a big demographic. How would you solve this if you were over? Someone raised it.
And it's a big business opportunity, right? Because our parents are grandparents, and you know, they go to their stuff.
Yes, Matthew.
Yeah, treat it like a taxi service, right? Have a number you can call to have somebody come pick you up
Matthew, you know, sometimes you're a genius. Sometimes you're a, and if you, but exactly, so, but what do all people know?
They know that, you know, but what do all the people know? They know, you know, they know, calling the number and you know, old school.
They know, they know, they know, calling a number and you know, old school. They don't understand this.
So they don't even understand where they're supposed to stand and all over that. So Uber said, okay, let's not fight them, let's join them.
And too bad they call them senior, but that's okay. They just. Put away a number where you can actually speak with person the person tells you where to stand they deal with the drivers they do all of that so basically it's like old school Taxi, you know, like we used to have a number.
That's what all people know. That's what all people know. That's what all people know. That's what all people do.
That's what all people do. Boom, a huge market is just open. My grandparents will 100% use something like that.
I just, I just. I would just put the number. In their phone. This number just save this number.
If you're ever stuck, if you need a right, call this number and you'll get home and problem solves, right?
So a very huge demographic here. And just basically it was answered. So this is a good example of developing a product.
Expanding it and remember our, 3 pillars. Value proposition number one. So the value proposition here is huge both to the business and to the to the users.
Both of them are getting something. Comparative advantage is Computers are not doing this. Regular taxi stations are not.
And so let's say Albany has a lot of numbers that you can call for car service, but they're all in Albany.
Uber is all over the world world. You can use this number. So it's a it's amazing comparative advantage when they're traveling, they can use this number and sustainability is if they get used to using it.
And that will be saved, then it will be very hard to get them to transfer. So by being a first mover advantage, this, and basically answered all 3 pillars and a very good example of a product.
So I like it. 1 8 3 3 use Uber. And so that was just like a good example.
That I wanted to see. And so today will be a lot about SWAT. I love Swats.
I think Swats are cool. I think so helpful. So we're gonna do a lot of swats today.
I also think they are used in industry and I help you play. Play along with me. And so this week I was an event of my MBA.
I did an MBA to it. And a Baruch College in the city, so they had like an alumni event and went.
And I saw the professor that taught me this class. And, and it got me thinking about a lot of things.
And so first of all, I wanted to do and one analysis of this whole project that I'm asking you and why.
Let me just Like, and why do I think and why do I stand behind it because there's along the years of so so many ways of teaching this class.
And there's the like academic way, you know, it's older professors that give you like theories and And there's the way of like actually building a project and I prefer and I think the the strength of what you're doing right now is that Obviously working in a team, you get to practice all of the different steps.
I think it's it's applicable. I think it's something that you can and show afterwards as part of your portfolio.
I think it gives you a taste of each step of the process. The weakness of doing something like this is, and so we touch on a lot of subjects and there's a lot of Self learning and a lot of you may may feel overwhelmed.
So it really depends on the students. It also one of the weaknesses is and you basically depend on my criticism.
So if you don't. Like what I'm saying or if you don't have a trust in me, then it will work.
And a weakness is that it's hard, you know, to create a good and working team doing a good product.
It's hard opportunities that I see in this project is just learning as more the more you learn the better I give you reading I give you slides I give you stuff Take the time and learn, you know, it's really, really cool and opportunities also.
Try to do something that you can take out of this class. So a good paper and a good project that you can later show.
You won't believe how much it will come. Back to you, even when you don't realize it now, but along in the future you will want to show something nice so that's a really cool opportunity and learning and maybe you want and maybe you even teach this class.
And threat is just that you will get, you know, tired or you get annoyed or you lose trust in me.
Or you push back too much and I will not give you the right. And the right feedback because You know, I'm a little scared of you already.
So, so that could be, could be a threat as long as we remember why we're here and why this project is good and and I hope that you love it.
Does anyone have any like objection to the project? I don't like about the process we're doing here.
I will also send you like a survey we can you can just Give your opinion like a meeting, but does anyone have now that we're in the mixed point?
Anyone has any comments, something? You don't like? Yes, Becky.
I have really enjoyed the project. I feel like I've learned a lot because I think learning from doing versus learning from reading about doing something or 2 very different things.
So I really appreciate the process of just like going through it. I think my. What's missing for me is like an overall structure like I don't know where we're going so I feel like we do each week.
And then I don't know, I feel like I can't predict the final outcome or like what's the overall structure?
Of what we're doing. Like. It's kinda like, does that make sense?
Yeah, I understand.
I don't know if I explained that well, but
Yeah, I mean, I mean, it makes sense. It makes sense. I mean, I completely understand you.
I, I, to me, I thought that I was very clear about it, but I'll try to make it clear.
So where we going, we're going through the whole phases of. Product design. So we have the 4 stages.
You finish this discovery, you finish the definition. Our next stage is designed where you actually design a prototype and mock up and and you learn about the different features.
Inside the product. And then the last phase is you have something and you test it with the users.
So the process is you from start to finish ideation of a product of a project and then finish it.
So where you're going is to have something that you can show at the end. So you in your case, and to have a very clear and a process of Why you did why you did what you did how you got what research you did how you chose the different requirements the different requirements and then a how you made different design decisions.
And finally, how did you, how did you test the, design decisions. And finally, how did you, how did you test the outcome?
Now, I also think that in this question I ask you the beginning but you're also be patient with me and see how everything ties together very closely because I understand that it's a lot to process but so I gave you a bird's eye of the process, but everything will be tied together because we're going here step by step.
So is that make it like clearer for you?
Yeah, that's very helpful. Thank you.
And you know, I know there's so much I'm putting on you, but in previous this way I recommend always go back to previous slides because previous slides I really outlined the process and I still have been also shaking your head so I guess it's not just and it's a problem that for other people and so if you go to our a bright space just so you know, so this is our bright space and
I believe we're putting course information. So. This is the registration. I put it somewhere.
Okay, so under course content, lecture slides and recording, you have everything here if you need to like review it very quickly or even maybe ask AI to review it for you.
And so you have all the lectures, you have them, you see this summary was created automatically by notion, which I love.
And then you have each week with its presentation. So right now we're in week 9. And this is already the presentation that I'm doing today.
This is the recording of the midterm. And this is the requirement phase, technology phase, and I talked about the process here in week 3 and week 2.
But, and here's me. So you have everything here and basically the process is building the product start to finish.
And, and, and I encourage you not to focus too much about. You know, the product itself and more about the learning process, right?
Because because that's what's important. A Matthew, yeah.
So, so, talking about direction, right? I think that, what we're doing here makes a ton of sense.
If this class was managing IT project management. That makes look at them, but I think, I think as far as managing information technology, by, by focusing so hard on building a project.
From soup to nuts. I think that we miss a lot of the, The breadth that is IT as far as IT goes to support a business organization.
And in in my experience as an IT professional The business misunderstanding or not understanding what I do has been a roadblock at many junctures in my life.
And so I think, I think that, that if, we target this class just to be about IT project management, I think that that's great.
I think we're doing something wonderful here. But I just I feel like we're missing the larger scope of what managing IT looks like.
So, so basically, I, and that's right, because I'm focusing on it. I mean, the book covers that a lot.
But I, I take it into a consideration and that's something that I'll cover that. In the class after after after after spring break.
So there's 2 ways of teaching this class and and you the other there's other professors who do cover you know the breath of IT and organization and management and the theory and basically what the book does but I just find it very Not really practical.
I mean, cause there's I phone I found it not practical but I will I took what you're saying like and also very boring very very nice and also very boring very very not engaging to the students. And also very boring, very, very not engaging to the students.
So I will cover that. And also very boring, very, very not engaging to the students. So I will cover that.
I will, I will dedicate a class. To that, the book does cover it. There's a lot of theories around it.
There's a lot of research around it and I I will do it. I will do it if you think that that's really important.
But what you said is 2 different things you said you said that IT and organization and then you say you that your organization doesn't understand what you're doing exactly, right?
Go to move.
Not, not quite. I think the, my, my organization, like my, my CIO ship understands what I'm doing.
And, and technology as a business partner is understood in my organization. I think I'm lucky in that regard with where I am now.
In the past, I have definitely run across problems early on in my career, especially with with folks that sort of treated IT.
As an expense. And the, the question was why, why can't you do it?
Why isn't it already done? And I think that, that as we are, you know, ostensibly as NBA candidates here, the the leaders of tomorrow that that this class should be aimed at breaking the stigma around IT as an expense and promoting IT as a business partner.
Sure.
So that's why I think. So I ask you for patience because that will come. And that's why I think for my and I asked you from my experience that you would appreciate IT by doing a because a lot the traditional teaching that is like okay we're giving you research project about how IT is important and and we're talking about different IT systems in an organization while for transaction one for management, and you read it and you read it and you think, oh.
that's cool, that's cool, that's cool, but you're not really connecting to it and and I think about actually building a product and you will gain a lot of I think you gain a lot of appreciation to this whole process and and but we will get into the part of like acquiring IT and and the more theoretical part which I think is is not, I mean, it's.
It's basically the book, right? So it's what's in the book, it's the theoretical and I don't know, I think I think you will maybe remember it and I'm talking about from my experience to maybe you remember it.
For a little bit then you forget it but I think this is gives more of a hands-on experience but I will definitely touch upon the theoretical part and I will welcome like if you think there's things that are missing.
And that I will, that will do it because we have still F of, half of a semester left.
Thanks.
So we're good. And I just, yeah, yeah, of course. And I also, you know, I think I get to know you what you know, who you are, what you need.
And I think by now every one of you already gained some kind of appreciation of IT. A understanding of why it's important.
I think that's already something you know because just be talk about it so I don't see any one of you as managers.
Come to someone and say, hey, why can't you do that? I can do that. You know, you already know.
So by understanding there is a difference between talking about technology and understanding the technology, you know, like I see that so many professors, for example in my case, so many professors just don't understand what your GPT is.
And they don't understand. They just don't understand it and they're like afraid of it and So just go and try it.
I think you're not doing your job if you don't go and try it. So, Yeah, I just think it's important to be with hands on, but I will get.
I won't get to it. So that's why I wasn't in this alumni.
I thought of SWAT. So also about myself. So I think my, if you don't mind, very quickly and then you can give me a. So my strength that take, I really do care.
Like I want you to succeed and I've been in your shoes. I really want you to do well to gain something from this from this class to have Good understanding of all those things to have a kick as project.
And so, I'm in your corner. I don't have anything I really want all the best.
I think that's a strength. I really want all the best for you. I think that's a strength and I think also because I'm trying to be up to date and then that's relevant and because I'm seeing so many.
Presentations and so many pictures like I lacked every day. I think I have experience in that. And my weakness is, okay, so I have a lot of a lot of material that I wanna cover.
I speak quickly. I may come off as like a breath abrasive and rude, which I'm really not.
I do have like opinions, but and so that's like a weakness and. And yeah, I tend to leave more into like practical hands on and rather than the theoretical because I I don't love the theory so much.
And so that's a weakness. I'm sure I have much more weaknesses which you can.
You can tell me and but opportunities, I think for myself is learning from you. And collaborating with you.
I really want you to have great good projects and making this class better and I'm now learning how to manage all this thing online, which I never did.
So this really cool. And just seeing different, that's a great opportunity, you know, to see what you're doing and learning like I didn't know a lot of things.
And threats is just you know that I would lose you because it's a It's a process and I want you to keep you engaged until the end and if I feel that you're not interested, then I just, you know.
Then I hold back and so that could be a threat which I hope will not be because this class is one of my favorites.
And I won't put you on the spot over conducting a swat to me, but I will give you a I will send you a survey and you can anonymously or not, let me write everything that you think and I would do better.
Okay, sounds good.
But I'm okay, I'm okay, right? I'm not like there's more strength than weaknesses, I hope, right?
Yes, no, no, yes. Okay, I hope. And so now let's talk about the teams.
So there was the goal, the goal was to, I asked each team to swat themselves and swat the others.
So, let's, let's, let's do that and that's also part of managing a managing IT is to always be open to feedback.
Never. Never, never be setting your mind and always ask for feedback. For example, I was in when I worked for, for a Salesforce.
So I saw a lot of organizations managers who don't know nothing, but Salesforce took them into a wine and dine and beautiful conference and got them booked on Salesforce for their organization.
Which definitely they did not need. And they didn't take the time to just stop and say, okay, maybe this IT is not.
Needed for us why don't we need Salesforce so I think it's important of this humility to always be aware and do swats all the time.
So let's start before I go, a week which team wants to start. We can start from the last one.
So the pharmac team you presented less so you wanna go first now. By the way, the midterm, the final presentation will be in the back.
Back order of what we did in the Just so we will be prepared. Former, you want to show me your swat?
Oh, you bet.
I just gotta bring it up. Cause I didn't understand.
Okay, Virginia is, Maybe it's maybe someone else for me because because I mean you I see that you that you do a lot also I think after the midterm that's basically our midpoint.
And team members who did not. Been so active, maybe now it's your time to shine more and in talk more and do more.
Okay. So, let's talk about your swap. Which one of your team wants to talk?
So you didn't want me to talk?
Gotcha.
No, let's do you, but just next time, the next time that someone else, so you're a co-host.
So. And I encourage the other team to keep notes and now it's. Yeah, so try to keep it to like 5, 10 min very quickly if you can.
Yes, I can. It will take me, you know. I just gotta bring it up 1 min, please.
So basically what we're doing right now is a brainstorming just to your feedback from everyone and what you thought.
And I sent you my feedback so read it I hope you understand it
I did, yes. And we
No, not you, I'm talking. I'm, I'm feeling, I'm feeling the void while you are doing the thing.
Understood.
Yeah.
Sorry, it's really slow.
By the way, my brother, which I'm, I have a love 8 with him, but he's giving a lecture this week in for like a thousand people.
Hmm.
I hate him about filling the void. So he's, he's, he's a designer and the lecture is about how you should Identify voids in your in your organization and just fill them and like do things that you weren't asked to do and stuff.
I don't know, I don't like it but I will. I will report back. He also recorded.
For you guys like a guest lecturer. So I will share it with you.
So you'll see the other part of that. And so are you presenting Virginia?
Yes, I'm sure. I'm right now.
Okay.
Okay, yeah.
So the
And the other teams, what they're doing also, and bring up your own presentation. So, So it will be quicker.
So just walk us through, I will check the individual, but maybe walk us through the summary for each team.
And you did.
Oh, so.
No, I mean, because I asked each, okay, so you already combined them. Okay, cool.
I just thought that each one of you did separately and then and then in combine.
Oh. Yet we did do them separately.
Okay, but the combination is good. Cool. So let's show me the first one.
Okay.
Finish yourself. So the first one I saw is the capital region.
Okay. Yes, yep, it was. So I know that you had
So capital region team, let's have a. Yeah.
Hello.
Yes, so I know that you had said something, part of your feedback was that you. You didn't like the agenda, ahead of time before they started talking about the project.
For me, I loved it because It told me what to expect. And then it summarized what it is.
And after they went through it, then it's summarized. So I liked the agenda because I knew then what again, it was really, really a that.
The weaknesses. I know we talked a little bit about, I think you guys mentioned something about, large learning models and I think it's a very unless If you guys, it's hard to find, they're very high in demand right now, so I think it's.
Won't be cheap. For the opportunities I were thinking about, you know, I'm not sure about this, but just there's I'm sure some kind of tax advantages.
I don't know what they are. Oh. That should have been. One
It's gonna be cool. So somebody's the 2. Probably try to replicate. So.
I wasn't sure what your. Your mitigation.
And I will add, so I will add to this. So I showed the presentation to a few people and that's where the individual, you know, individual differences come into play.
So I, and, and, We need to make a difference between me as a professor and me as a consumer.
A user. So I personally, I think, a communicated that they didn't don't quite get the bartering system and that's okay because that's just me I'm not connecting to it but I showed it to a different.
People who are business owners and they loved it. They say they love borrowing, they would definitely use it, they say it's really, cool.
So there's, you know, I mean, If I'm not the person that would bother, it doesn't mean that it's not a good idea because I can I can tell you at least 3 different people that saw it and thought that it was really, really cool idea, very interesting, and but they would like to see.
How it will actually function, like how it will be. But, but. There is, I was surprised.
Because you know you tend to you can never do market research on yourself. Cause I just think who would wanna barter but a lot of people apparently do so.
That was based on my little research. So you wanna go?
Yeah, yeah, I just forgot to add this one thing, although you guys can read it.
So I don't know that I pay a fee to join it, but you know, maybe you can get, you know, because you also talked about advertising.
So maybe that would be enough.
Okay, Nation.
You talk about competitors and that's why they need to work on their sustainability.
Okay, so live nation, I thought the strength was if you're, targeting like an older demographic that Likely they would have more disposable income.
I mean, not everybody, but if that's, I'm assuming that share. What you're going for.
The weaknesses, I think it was just I didn't understand myself. Were you going to depend on ads solely for and then.
The numbers that a little bit. Numbing for me. It was a it was a lot of numbers and I like numbers, but it was a little too much for me.
The opportunities, you know, you, you had mentioned that you had gotten some neutral negative responses and I think that's really an opportunity you guys can you know take what that feedback is you know gives you an opportunity to change their minds.
And then the other thing that is on everybody's mind these days, of course, you know, just let the, you know, make sure that the users.
Understand that you're not going to sell their data and that you know it is safe with you.
The threats, I and I wasn't sure I quite got this from the presentation but I thought you had talked something about tracking And, and, and then.
Is there going to be? An option to. You know opt out of tracking and how does that affect you know whatever data you're trying to gather and then of course There's always the threat of a data breach.
Am I meeting on?
Okay.
Thank you, Virginia. I don't know if I'm allowed to like comment or anything, but thank you.
Who is that? Yes, forest. Yeah, okay. And Something that I keep stressing, but I think you get it.
This is just, you know, this class we are practicing is the process. No one to get involved.
I had in the past. For example, at a student that was really attached to their idea and they took everything as an offense and it was just unpleasant.
Just remember, it's a learning experience. Everyone is on the same side and you should not be attached.
That's also something that's very important to learn. So I'm happy that you're open and yeah and all of your ideas are really really good we just trying to make them better.
Okay, Tell us what you thought very quickly.
Yes.
Okay.
What? Marketing plan, the weaknesses. If
You cutting your breaking?
You.
Maybe someone else from the team can jump in and just help.
Okay. I'll mute.
No, cause you, cause you're breaking, anyone from the team wants to help?
So, what she put for SWAT for, the strings was the web analytics very informative.
Every the marketing plan. It was no appeal for non reality watchers. And then the opportunity she put branch out to hot non reality series for example like the walking dead Game of Thrones work buddies would rehash the episodes and then compress all the drama from the week's episode and could bet on who would be next to die.
And then this one.
Yeah, for yourself.
The next one is for the SWAT, for the form. Yeah, the our own one so we made good, good progress was made and the presentation, on deck was a little bit, disorganized.
So that's a weakness that we could work on. Opportunity, meets a real need.
And include options to sync multiple medications. So only, need to pick up once. And then threats, online competitors that are already in this market.
So that's maybe something that needs to be. Stressed and violates. Okay. Farm alerts.
And I of course I sent you all of my comments and we'll do more. Okay, next team.
And I forgot the order, but I believe it's like nation, like, you wanna, yeah, I saw an end, is there a hand?
You want?
Yeah, I'll be sharing it for our group.
Okay, cool.
You can't, you can't hear me. Sorry.
Yep. Yes, we can hear you. You should try to keep it like, you know, up to pace.
Okay. Okay, so this is
So, so we won't waste time. Okay, first of all, it looks beautiful and you got what I wanted.
Beautiful. Perfect.
Thank you. So this is racketology. We thought their strength was their PowerPoint. This is statically pleasing.
They had a great presentation style. And it shows that they can have like they can wrap around a large fan base.
A weakness is that their app doesn't have, recognition, and how would they make in a profit?
Like, would they come from advertisement? Do people have to pay for a certain features or what not?
Opportunities that they could have a reality celebrity make a camo on it. They can make a filter of reality.
Selby of the person's favorite reality celebrity. And then they could also partner with a streaming platform.
They could also, partner with like, you know, Peacock or Bravo TV or whatever.
To make it as an opportunity. A threat is that different time zone. So like if someone in New York is watching Real Housewives show, but it's not yet aired in California.
They could, Do spoilers on social media. If Bravo TV has their own version of Bracketology app, so that could be.
Kind of really a conflict. And the first mover. I guess. It's a vantage.
In the market like whoever has the first advantage in the market.
Sorry. Capital region business exchange there
Just add something. Just to add something for the, a breakthrough. And that's, I am, I think for relevant for everyone.
I felt and I wrote you all my comments well when we talk you I I feel that you need to and really like walk us through the process like what's happening there I still did because you know I you shouldn't send the audience to go and install the app and try to try that themselves.
You can do very quickly but very but very, very, but very to the point. Show us how it is to play with.
I didn't get the feeling of like what exactly is this IT, like what's happening there in I would I would expect that so we'll know what we're talking about and that's also true for everyone.
So, so I, I would. Well, I pointed that as a, as a Okay.
Okay. Sorry, our next one is capital region of business exchange. Their strength is that their vision is strong, their presentation was fantastic.
The weaknesses, how do they monetize their concept? Any real sustainability and pay for employees.
Do they have like upfront capital or do they have like investors into this? Business. How do they market themselves?
I'm sorry I'm stopping you because it's really good. So those weakness is these weakness are.
Are things that came up to you while you were watching the presentation and you want to answer it for, right?
Okay, it's really good.
Opportunities that they'll be like unique to Yes. Opportunity is their unique services in the Albany region.
Thus they won't have any. Real competition. It'll help grow local business and grow a strong community.
And the threat is not all business owners are tech savvy. And there are something similar. Like competition, which is like Angie's list and task rabbits.
So you have to make sure that there might be smaller or larger corporations that might take over come into this.
Niche area. Farm Alert, which, Their strength is how many people can use like can use this app to get their medication.
It'll help build a small community based by providing medication. A weakness is competition with large corporation. So like if Hannahford.
Pharmacy, like if they have a lot of people coming there, they have their own version of an app.
So, you they're gonna be easily. Being able to out compete a small app store. Another weakness is transfer medications or transfer liabilities from one pharmacy to another.
And opportunities is to help local pharmacy so help local mom and pop pharmacies. Get into this program I'll help reduce like cost of medications by other having prescriptions go through a patient's health insurance.
Or going through like a good, or some kind of like program that helps reduce costs and medications. And they could also deliver medications to homes.
Delivering medication to own homes can be helpful for elderly populations who might have it a hard time. Going to pick up their medications or those who have multiple jobs, they might not be able to go to pharmacies to pick up their medications or have kids.
So maybe having having them deliver medication is might be an opportunity. A threat is larger, larger corporations can still this idea and they have high power lawyers that can take advantage of this application.
And kind of make it wiggle in their benefit. That's a large threat.
Because there's something so I'm while you're presenting you will also tell my own research because I show people that and I thought so people love the, I will also tell my, own research, I show people that and I thought, so people love the Forma Alert idea, loved it.
And, the main, a comment that a lot of people, that, and I thought, so people love the formal alert idea, loved it.
And, the main, comment that a lot of people had is, that you should get inspiration from current services and see just what they don't have and how you can add to it.
And I actually used Claude this week. To, a combine all of my medication. I just copy pasted the screens from different, you know, I have something at CVS and I have something, and I have something here.
I just copied, paste it and and cl just organized it in the table for me. So I think and that will be something really cool just to have a place that gathers all of your medication in the market for medication is huge.
And so everyone I showed it to was really, really into this. A idea. So it's really good potential, but you need to look at the competitions to understand how you can be better than them.
Sorry that I jumped in to add. Okay, and you wanna go on yourself?
Oh, I was gonna, pick you back off of that is like, you can also maybe do what pharmacy has what in stock or if you have a medication that only a certain pharmacy can dispense.
An example could be like COVID-19 like their medication the Pax COVID only CVS pharmacy can dispense that so like going like I couldn't get it from Hannah for because obviously Hannah for doesn't dispense it.
But knowing on using this, a, a, alert could have like, oh, which CVS pharmacy has it in stock or where could you get a certain medication and see.
Oh, you have a CDPHP. At this pharmacy, it'll cost XML, but at this other pharmacy going through your health insurance, it'll cost X amount.
So. You could potentially put that in as an opportunity.
Yeah, thank you.
Thank you.
Yep. Life. Yeah.
Say, if I can just. Eric, someone wants to say something?
You know, so if I can just add, like a personal story. So I had a medication today that I have a medication that it's hard, there's shortage and and my doctor told me, oh, the pharmacy at 90 s in Columbus.
As it, I live way downtown and I, you just send it there and I had to bike, you know, like, like basically the whole city just to get my prescription because there was the only pharmacy who had it and I just thought this is so, you know, I enjoyed the bike ride.
It was a good weather, but I just thought this is like really inefficient. You know, because It's it wasn't when really it was like you know it's a chain but I have to drive from like Downtown, 90, 90, streets to get this medication is really an inconvenient and there was no platform or no way where I could see other pharmacies that are closer to
me. They're also added. So I that just I think it's a real problem.
Someone's just, someone to say something.
So the last one is my own group, L Nation. Our strength is that individuals are able to put their tickets on the application and not have to print them anymore.
We have a large user, user research data and it's in a thorough survey.
Our weakness is that the current application has bugs and does not perform well. Uses is sell, if users lose their cell service, it can cause major, issues.
Presentation is not aesthetically pleasing. I don't know if the professor like the background that we're using now for this particular one.
If that would be better. And our timing on our presentation wasn't the best. Our opportunity is bringing 2 applications from the same company together.
It can improve customer satisfaction. Ability to purchase tickets on applications. And go into VR concerts.
So we can like play so people can be at home watching the concerts and using like the VR machines to be as if they're there.
A threat is monopolized promotional events, which could technically break the log. So like if L Nation like ticket master.
Kind of like pull more of their resources together or combine more effectively like combined together. It could be stating, you're monopolizing or you're breaking the law by, preventing, I forgot the word where it's they're cornering the whole market where they're their profit, like no one else can really come up and kind of like diversify.
The concert going or event promotion.
So that is it. And the last 2 is just their chapters from this week's reading.
Okay, so just raise your hand if you want to talk with just something to yourself. Yeah, Yeah, and the chapters we talk, we talk next time with meeting, but if I can add, I am.
I love at least to pursue a little bit the idea of VR and because a lot of people it's opening it's open first of all for a market of people who are not going to concerts, it protects against, you know, COVID or things like that.
Yeah.
And you see that there's the, in the tail of Swift with her movie and Beyonce with her movie like like the people are going so and So I think.
I think it's, it's interesting and, And I'm, I just talked to co-pilot, right now about your business and ask why they're separate and the separate apps and the separate apps allowed each brand to focus on their core services, live nation on promoting live events and ticketmaster and ticket sales and distribution.
The separation can also provide a motel user experience. And so in the distinction between the apps reflect the company's structure and strategy to improve the live entertainment experience.
A and drive innovation. This sounds to me like a pile of bullshit, like, but that's from their website.
And I would pursue more how would you improve this experience and and you already showed us that the apps are communicating between themselves.
So, so the technology behind this needs to be the research because because What's that?
Okay.
I think too if I could just jump in. I think 2 that it's just honestly. Like you're right, it's just a bullshit what they just, what you just like searched and what the both companies one company has said it's complete BS.
And I think it's just honestly to like cause confusion to make it look like it's complete BS.
Yeah. Yeah.
And I think it's just honestly to like cause confusion to make it look like it's not a monopoly, even though it is really essentially at the end of the day because No matter how many times like our group says like they're the same company, it's easy to get confused because you see live nation you see ticket master and you know you look at them as 2 separate entities and Yeah, I just want to
add in that I agree just a bunch of BS.
If I want to feel like, I think people will be, for example, the fact that the match group owns most most of the dating apps.
I think people will be horrified if they know that most of the dating apps. I think people will be horrified if they know that most of the dating apps.
I think people will be horrified if they knew that most of the dating apps basically controlled by one company.
You know, this separation just shows, yes, so there's something about separating them and that's not making a feeling of a monopoly.
But since in their corporate speak they speak so much about improving the library. It's having experience that so you're basically saying what What?
It to, and experience. I'm not, you're not improving anything here digitally.
So here's how you can do it.
Thank you.
Okay, and a, Who wants to present?
I will.
Okay, Kristen, I'm co-hosting you.
Cool.
Hmm. Yep.
Okay. Okay.
So first, capital region business exchange. Strength we had down stronger presentation. It seemed like everyone really rehearsed together and it had a great flow to it.
Everyone knew all the info that they were presenting on. So that was really obvious in the presentation.
This slide deck was beautiful as everyone said last time it was clear it was easy to read the visuals were organized and easy to follow.
There was great research that led to benefits for the business as well. Opportunities or I guess a little bit of weaknesses it felt like 2 different platforms so maybe just a little bit of clarity on the partner platform versus the storefront platform.
And just like strengthening the mission. It could be difficult to find businesses with equal trades.
For example, a service at a salon or spas much more expensive than a regular goods. So maybe just like a little bit more information on how to prevent that.
Opportunities incorporating AI functionalities beyond legal inquiries to address broader user needs could enhance platform value and versatility.
In threats. We only had one which was just like I mentioned before the clear vision statement. User friendly interfaces.
Highlights potential challenges in user adoption and retention.
For live nation for strength we had the team members are all very passionate and knowledgeable about the industry in various platforms and that really shines through and like makes your presentation interesting to listen to because you know you're talking about.
Exciting and creative idea that appeals to many different audiences. So kind of like everyone can get involved.
Feel like they, you know, understand what the presentation is about and can relate to it. Great competitor research and presentation included a lot of interesting company information and statistics.
For weaknesses, just looking for a little bit more of a clarification on the difference between live nation and ticket master.
What is a promoter for someone that might not know how many venues does live nation have? They successful and then what is the relationship currently between Lag Nation and Ticketmaster and why haven't they already merged?
Opportunities the slide deck could be just a tad more visually appealing for the viewer just adding more graphics less text to keep the audience engaged.
In that pay. Prepay or skin, you get up there and it will bill you to a card you have on file.
And then threats just work out any technology challenges and a possible negative public view of the brand.
Can I ask a question?
Is that okay? I don't know. In the Apple Pay, the pre pay scam when you get up there and it will ability to the card are you saying like if people are going to buy their ticket at the venue instead of pre buying their ticket.
Okay.
I can, I'll explain that one, Cause, Oh, for the internet payment, I was thinking that.
Cause I was like, as you guys are presenting, I'm thinking like, you know, what would I like to see if I got this up?
And I was thinking like, They only take cards now, so I feel like if I had my card on your app.
I could just go up there, you know, get food, get a beer, just scan it right there.
And then that way I can like it could go along with your point system that you have. So maybe all that will, towards the points.
Yeah.
So that's what I thought. But
Yeah, we actually have that idea. We just I don't think we elaborate it, it much on the midterm. So thank you.
That's awesome. Thank you.
Okay, yeah. Okay. No problem.
Okay.
Okay, you see this kind of stuff, you know, it's funny. I mean, look, you have, we have cool visuals.
Joey. Okay, yeah, yourself.
That's a really good photo too. Okay, so stream.
I mean, it's just a funny thought, it's just a funny photo, you know, it's get people in the bit. Yeah, it's funny.
Yeah, okay.
I'm sure.
Lots of where that came from in the future. So strengths for us, clear objectives and strong research, a creative idea that appeals to a wide audience range.
Good starting point because the app itself was just developed in January, 2024. So this year, so we have a lot of room for improvement.
Weaknesses, we can definitely explain how the user will interact with the app more and will, will definitely take that feedback going forward.
We may even do like a little video, you know, with a live showing of how to use the app or something so you can get the whole picture.
And we'll be adding more visuals like this one here. Just to kind of tie it altogether.
Tire app idea to the shows that will be featuring. Opportunities, we can definitely have better communication between our team members, more personalization of the slide deck.
And relationship to the TV shows offered through the act, which is what I mentioned prior. Direct scheduling conflicts for our team meetings.
A little bit of uneven workload distribution. Due to team members missing from our group meetings has caused communication issues within our group.
And we're going to improve on our time management for our final.
Yeah, something for your about you. Please, do you mind?
Who's that?
Yes, yes, sorry.
Yeah, I add something through a what? Okay, so I because I told you this I showed it to people and and they really love the idea but for me it was hard to actually describe.
What's actually happening? So I would love to, to, have a clearer. Like what is this game?
You know, it's what and what exactly are the capabilities or the or the functionality of this app.
It was hard for me to explain. I just said, oh, look how cool it is, but, but I could not exactly explain what you're doing there.
And also, you know, a lot of apparently a lot of people are watching. And reality, and late.
So for example, you know, the bachelorette on, they only have season 18, which is like 2 years ago, but people are watching it.
So they, there was a question if. It will provide any support for. People who are watching late or it just has to be real time, which is fine, but but something Just something that will address that.
Yeah, yeah, that's definitely something we plan to improve on our future presentations because I know that was mentioned in feedback too.
From our other customers.
Yeah.
And then for Farm Alert, strength, the mission, the critical need for a continuity.
I can't, up care, enhancing patient experience and loyalty. So we really thought it was a great idea and the need for it is definitely there.
The mission statement was strong and complete technical specs, so easy to follow. That was great.
Weaknesses just include some more visuals and grass to paint a clear picture for viewers on who that made it be familiar with.
The in-depth pharmacy process. Opportunities. Success is based on the participation in data sharing of independent pharmacies, potentially limiting its market reach and effectiveness.
And then 1 30 we had was just changing the survey plan color blocks to be lighter. Said it's easier to read for the slides.
And then those are just.
And I already gave you a grade, I gave you an extra bonus point because I think this one analysis was very, very strong and very informative.
So thank you. And, so yeah, it's good. I, thank you.
So let's just finish with, with the capital region, a barter, which I think you need also a catchy name so we can Calling you, so who wants to present from your team?
I can present.
Do you have a catchy name for me so I can refer to you?
John.
No, not for yourself or your business.
Okay.
Oh, I'm sorry. Hi. Yeah, barter me.
Barter mate.
Bob, B. Okay.
I was gonna say you're asking the wrong group person. I don't have that.
Said, CRB, I was thinking.
What were you thinking?
It is not.
See our big crab. You know, Mr. Cramp? That's not a good one.
Oh, crap. I mean, yeah, if you can make So maybe car, but I don't know.
It's like, I mean, come with something. Yeah, so we can. So we can refer to you very quickly, you know, carb or whatever.
Okay.
What?
Part meats. Barter mates.
Yes.
What's that? Bar of mates. Okay. Okay.
Alright, so
Join, I like.
Alright, so carbo loading, capital, region, business exchange, or bar mates, whichever you prefer for this evening.
If you prefer, okay, yeah.
But we will work on a creative name for the final. Alright, so we'll start with ours.
Okay.
So strengths, there's some strong secondary research, strong tech analysis. Nice presentation, graphics and organization, customer first approach. Weaknesses.
Did not clearly explain the barter system. The use of AI was not clear and potential costs of training and AI to operate the way we need it to.
Some of the opportunities her group identified from our presentation and just our overall project thus far or to incorporate some personas and use cases, the mission statement needs to be clearly stated.
Expand on the user research can incorporate ideas like loyalty cards and a large number of small businesses in the Kappa region that do not have an online presence.
Some threats are bartered product may not be one to one with regards to cost or value. Bartering systems have not taken off in other areas of the country and companies who do not have a digital footprint at this point in time may not be interested in developing one.
We get to move to the next one.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, of course.
Okay, I think you said go to the next one if not a Okay. Alright, so Live Nation ticket master.
So strength, there was a clear mission statement, a good personas to help explain the purpose and use of the app.
There were a good number of responses on the surveys and good connection to the product allows for good features and ideas.
Some of the weaknesses that we listed was or were the presentation was a little unorganized.
It seemed the team was not aligned with who was presenting what. The transition between presenters were poor, time management and still be still may still be missing a clear feature to distinguish the app from the competition.
Opportunities can improve the design of the PowerPoint, a lot of info went into some slides, not necessarily really eye catching.
Some of the primary user research can be enhanced through a statistical assessment. And large market of people attending live events every year.
Some of the threats are live nation entertainment incorporated. Which owns Ticketmaster and Life Nation may not align its business strategy with the merger of these 2 apps.
Ticketmaster is focused on ticket sales and distribution platforms. Live Nation is focused on live event promotion and venue operation.
Strong competition and ticket sales industry such as Sikh. Game time, etc.
Alright, so for brachtology, the strengths were there was a catchy theme on the title slide.
Walking through the current state allowed me to understand the project better since I'm not familiar with the platform.
Great secondary research, good personas and graphics. Pie charts. Nice touch to talk to the CEO of current app and rerun time slots or cool idea for people who can't watch along live.
Some of the weaknesses were some slides were very busy and could have left information to overwhelm to not overwhelm the audience.
Time management may be difficult to prevent critical insiders from taking advantage of pre recorded events. Some of the opportunities can take out slides instead of skipping over them, revisit the payment option if users pay the premium membership of Hulu to not watch ads, they may be your target audience for the premium version, great opportunities to expand throughout other reality shows, current events.
Some of the threats were a low survey response rate, lots of new gambling apps could present as competition in the future and networks are creating their own platform.
Then last but not least, the pharmacy sl or pharmacy team strengths clear mission statement and strong value proposition strong secondary research and universally needed product.
The weaknesses were there's a lot of information on the demographic slide making it hard to 0 in on the point.
Time management and original focus area is pretty small. Some of the opportunities the IT solution primarily caters to patients and pharmacies.
However, physicians also play a crucial role in this triad. However, physicians also play a crucial role in this triad.
Could there be a chance to integrate physicians as principal users as well. Should add one slash some personas to better explain the use case scenarios and tool could be used for education to take away some of the stigma around pharmaceutical sales, giving people peace of mind.
Of the drug they're taking a safe. Some of the threats are compliance with regulations and local laws.
Big Pharma has strong control over the market, which may make it difficult, to operationalize the process.
We need to integrate with different with multiple different electronical medical records to get physician buy in and strong strong existing pharmaceutical infrastructure.
Thank you so much. And really, really good swat. I'm gonna give a bonus point for that as well.
Thank you.
A very informative. And, was honest, it was good. And incorporate each team to. If you didn't catch everything then you can always watch the recording and like screenshot it and also incorporate micro.
And your on group discussion. So moving forward your your just know what what you need to improve and what you need to.
To change but I think it was a very good swap for a woman. So any questions?
If someone's to comment or we or you wanna go on a break and then we'll continue with today.
Can we get a bonus point? Okay. You're giving them out!
I wasn't, So that's so the idea is we can. I'm giving, so the idea is that I feel and I regret it now that I gave everyone a full credit because I don't think you know it's graduate school and I don't wanna like unmotivate you because I understand the so I understand the effort but you know some some At the end, I know that at the
end you all have like perfect product and will be fine. So it's just a way to just like distinguish a little bit between what I like.
And And that's it because, and I'm still on the fence with that, you know, with undergrads, I keep grading.
And give bad grades. I mean, but I don't think in grade school that's something that's needed.
But bonus point is just to show to that they did the X, for they did good. So.
So yeah, I mean, I like your background if that helps.
Okay, so, let's take a break. 10 point, at 10 points, 10, a minutes and we'll meet at 7 40.
Bye everyone.
Professor, can I ask you a quick question?
Of course, not even a long question.
I know we're still going on. I just wanted to make sure that we're still presenting on our like our case studies.
Today.
Yes, you will. I mean. We're behind on time. Do you have, let's see, who's presenting on a I mean, do you have any of?
Oh, you're doing Figma, right?
Yeah, me and Shashi are doing.
Okay.
Yeah, so let's do today. Let's do it today. But can you keep it so set 7 40?
Can you keep it to like 10 min you think?
Yeah, we we can keep it to 10 min. I'll let them know.
Right, I'm fine.
Okay, I don't know.
Yeah, Shashi, you go with that with 10 min. And then, and then make it then maybe tell and then maybe tell people that if they have a specific question, they can just go go to you directly.
That sounds good.
Yep.
Yeah.
Okay, and of course you get the 4 points. I just I just we running out of time and you know and I see already get the complaints why am I not teaching the theory because We're talking here, so let's keep it in the timeframe.
Thank you, Professor.
Okay, Thank you.
Okay. Thank you. 7 7 40.
It's starting again.
Make a copy.
To Moon, how are you?
I'm pretty good. Yeah, it's really nice outside. I really like it.
Yeah
So.
Where are you at?
Like it's like a hour from the city.
Yeah, Yeah, it's very nice today.
Yeah. Yeah.
I, come back. And
Hmm. I'm just fixing the survey that I wanna send you. I'll show it to you in a second.
So let's do for 10, let's try to keep it brief but even though it's very helpful for what we are going to learn.
And so in I wanna see if they're here. Oh, they're coming. Where are they?
I'm here, sir.
I'm Happy.
Shashi. And okay, you, okay, so they're gonna present when in as part of like our tech review, and FIGMA, which is a great, and as part of like our tech review, F, which is a great, a prototyping tool.
And I thought, which is a great, a, which is a great, a prototyping tool.
And I thought it would be interesting as we move forward to So who wants to present Ronnie?
Shashi will be presenting.
Okay, and I appreciate that you. We're flexible to take something that you're not familiar with and learn it.
So I appreciate that.
Go Shashi, you're on.
Yeah. Are you guys can see my screen?
Okay.
Yes. Alright, so hopefully everyone's back. And we are on a bit of a time crunch.
So I'm just gonna get dive right in. So we're presenting on FIGMA today.
And I've kind of interpreted this tool kind of similar to like Canvas, but this is kind of, this tools generated to use to create share test.
Designs for websites, mobile apps and other digital products and experiences. And I mentioned Canva because that is a tool that I have used in the past.
And I know with Canva, I've used it to, you know, make like, mock, newsletters or invitations or, you know, what ever, whatever.
But with this, it's a, it's, you know, it is a good tool for this project.
And Me and Shashi kind of had to learn this tool on the fly. And what's kind of nice about this tool.
I know I just did a simple Google search, how to use Figma. And of course this application provided for videos tutorials that kind of gives a walkthrough which I am more than willing to provide that to the class because I'm sure not everyone is familiar with this app.
If you choose to use this for your final project, towards the end of the class.
Okay.
So what Shashi is doing right now is, he's starting to create a wire framing.
And I'm not gonna lie. I kind of have ADHD. We might have talked about it in class.
Yeah.
We may have not, but I've interpreted wireframing kind of like blueprints. And for the purpose of us, demonstrating this product, it's kind of like we're I have for the purpose of demonstrating this product sorry we're gonna kinda create a mock social media.
So instead of doing like why so what he did on the left hand side is we created like a wire framing so it's just kind of creating the shapes and on the left hand side he created a box which kind of represents the post and then he created like a circle which is like your profile and then the 3 squares on the bottom.
Hello.
You know, would be like your comment like and share. Buttons. And then in addition to that, you can like layer on top of layer that way when you have it all packed together you can move it all at once and then you can copy and paste that way it can actually represent what you would see in a feed.
So what he's doing is kind of like representing what you would actually see. In a traditional feed.
Yeah, sure. So.
In the top left corner, Joshi, if you don't mind. You have what looks like the frame, right?
So that's where you would draft up your wireframes and create the shapes and whatnot.
And then you have to the right of that are your shapes, right? Actually, I let me retract that because I'm kind of speeding along for the purpose of time.
The frames, right? So when you create a frame, it actually lets you pick. Like on what device you want to see it.
So like if you are, designing an app, right? And you want to see what it looks like on an iPhone, you can choose to see it on an iPhone, right?
And it could be like the latest iPhone or the iPhone 8 or you can do it for an Android or it could be a tablet.
So whatever's out there, it pretty much gives you the option to pick and choose and design it for that element.
Yeah.
Alright, Josh, you can keep going. Josh, do you have any input?
Yeah, so I want to add here is that, okay, you can, they have a predefined frames, as well as you can go with the custom frames.
Let's say if you're website is that okay. Is the size of half of the let's say the 16 inch monitor or 28 min or so you can It's not that, okay, you always have to go for these, you can design a frame.
But of the size you want to do it, you can create a frame with like this. In the page you can have multiple frames, you can give the name to the frame, you can change, let's say that, okay.
Design frame. Okay. And you can have multiple frame in a one page. And you can zoom in and zoom out to those different frames like I, this paid has 3 different frames.
One is for just it's for this exercise we created this one and one I'm just doing right now.
And then the design phase. So that's so you can change anything on that. So they have a flexibility to change that frame the way you want to create it.
And then you can pick the selection also. Yeah. You can you can go ahead and then So if let's.
Good for the class. We created the sample. Application also. So this sample application, we have created together, right?
You can see here this covered. This is your black. Technology site as well as we try to create the first page of the So in this case this is a design It has a page, page with head.
All these rectangles text. And those things you can cover from here, rectangles, lines, arrow, clips.
Polygon and then the place images. These things you can cover here. As a sample, I'll show you one thing.
It's very interesting is like we talk about. AI so you guys see that okay I had this AI image right
This, this, area made I added. So, FIGMA community is giving lot of plugins.
Okay. Let's say I want to add one AI image here. As part of my
Okay, I want to add one. I can go here. There's a AI called.
Create a question without the Before, did you, did you create, interactions or, things that, like, move or connecting between the screens.
Did you, did you go, go to that?
No, I No, no, not today. We created just a sample paid and prototyping like that.
But you can incorporate those tools.
That was the plan because the time. But if you will go on. Yes, you can do that.
So this is the Yes, yeah.
We just didn't do that because of time. But I did we did wanna discuss it, cause we.
I mean, I was gonna get to that when Shashi was finished.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah, this is this is the way that okay. So mostly that covering the basics of the as well as how you can prototype and share with the between the team.
That's what we covered mostly. And once and also we can cover that okay. As maybe I'll show you this is the prototype we are working on as a team.
To how to interact between the different screens and that. That's what we are working on right now.
From going from page to page. And that stuff.
So we didn't cover yes, but yeah, maybe after the spring rate if you want I can cover that okay when you click on the one page how to go to the second page those kind of things you can cover that too.
Say something before I say you said you have something to add.
So just, real quick, just like a few key points, cause again, I know we're like on a time crutch.
But like for the purpose of this assignment, like, you Cause getting into the prototype, there is a way to like link all these, so called pages together.
So it actually looks like an app that can be fully functional. So that is a that is something that is possible through this program, but it's not.
Something that we will be able through this program but it's not something that we will be able to show you but again like I have the resources like I can provide them in the chat for the class or I can send it to the professor.
So, I mean, if you're willing to sit and watch the 4 videos, I mean, it, it will sit and literally walk you through that.
Also, this is a tool that is actually free as long as you use your, your student, email.
It's actually free for us. So we could use the professional, the professional you know, account, so to speak, and utilize all the tools that Figma offers through our student account.
So, which is actually pretty nice and we don't have to jump through. As many hurdles.
So it is it is actually a good. Tool to utilize for our final project if this is the route that you guys actually want to take.
And if anyone has any questions, just route him Shashi because he seems to be a lot more experienced than I am.
So.
Thank you.
Yeah, so, one thing, maybe. Yeah, I mean, I want to share here is that, okay, they, when you design whoever is a designer, and he designed his app.
You don't have to do lot of stuff is already done in the market. So that like the pages, how the background is going to look like, you know.
So those things are already as part of libraries there. And even if you want to check that a cash part of the SDLC that, okay, how my design is looking, is it good or bad?
So you can select a frame here. Let's say, I have a option to go in the plugin and there's a.
Plug-in tool called Johnny I which will just do the scanning of my design and see that okay.
How good or bad is my design. So in this case it will tell that okay in the document. You have given the name as rectangle 5 and ellipse, but you didn't give the proper naming and mention is not there, you know?
So that kind of stuff, you can do the, you know, quality check of your design.
To see that, okay, your stuff is in good or not. And lot of other thing is there like if you want to let's say add some, you want to add some, other plugins like aviators or image editors.
Or anything means it's a big community here if you go go here you can even let's say
The live nation website.
So you can you can find some of the templates here which you can use it as your sample and then you can simply import it into your system.
And then you can you can work from that place. You know, there's no need to write everything from scratch.
A lot of stuff is in the market and as those are free plugins. You can
Use it and then you can start working.
But you know.
Very good presentation. Also, Ronnie, thank you so much. And.
And you did what I, what I was planning on is just give the class a to a taste of this tool.
By the way, on the side, not Cheshire, I see all of the apps that you have and I think.
There's so much we can learn from you, you know, I see that you use visual.
Visual studio code and use GitHub.
Yeah.
You're a source of knowledge for this class, which you could do, a tech review every week But and Figma is a tool and I signed a few ratings for next time we're meeting is a really good tool for a prototyping and showing how do you want your product to look like without knowing any any programming actually.
There is a dragon drop and like you said, you can even upload your own. A screenshots and play around with it and mainly create interactions meaning you tell FIGMA if you if the user click on a certain button they go to a certain screen or if they do something then they get a certain result so it's it's you basically showing it's a way to show.
Whoever you're showing, how your product will work without designing it like very very quickly and getting feedback very quickly.
So, and that's one of the tools. There's more, yeah, sorry.
Just. Yeah, one more thing is that let's say you, you design this app and you say that, okay, I'm now design is on who will go to write the code.
So they have a plugins here like you want to convert. Let's say you want to Say that okay you want to kind of figma to website.
I mean that's what really advanced for that. For I, you know, but
Yeah
Yeah, you, you, you, you can, you can convert your application from Pigma to website automatically and then you can deploy it on any system not so yes.
I'll be happy if just, thank you so much. I'll be happy if. From each team, there will be at least one person.
Usually that what happens, one person that picks a prototyping tool and master it. A I I want everyone to try everyone to contribute but but I think it's good if one person is the go to and Figma is just one of the tools.
Out there. A Adobe XD is really cool also if you're willing to pay the $20 per month.
And there's much more and you can use other tools but but usually figure mine on Domit, Adobe XD are the ones in that are used and and as Justin we want to show you can do websites, you can do mobile, you can do smartw, you can do whatever the interface, that you're choosing.
And so that would be a very helpful and. Instrument when we move forward to the design stage but but you learn by doing so start playing around and experimenting and see how you click with it.
Cool.
And sorry, one more thing that I forgot to mention just for just cause I, that it would be useful because it's like Canva and all the other tools like a Miro that Matt showed, it's a collaboration tool.
So obviously you could share with your team, you can show certain members. And they could comment. So it's a great tool to use in a virtual environment.
So, and if anyone needs help, like we said, you can reach out to us and I'll gladly share the links and the videos that were very useful to us.
Or you can also at the end you get a link and you can actually share your product so you can do user testing which is the final the final stage you basically let people try what you design and you can get feedback, you can share it with the class.
So that's also a cool feature. So people will, will can access your prototype, not edit it, but just like experiment it.
So it's like actual app. Actual website. So, so that's that's the final process and if you're looking for what, how will it help you as managers as professionals because you're not going to design it's good to know very quickly how to sketch out an idea.
So let's say you're in a at some situation where you're thinking about, a tech, feature, then just by mastering a tool like that, you'll be able to very quickly to show and I believe it's a good it's a good skill to have for everyone.
So and take your time and learn it. FIGURE, to have for everyone. So, and take your time and learn it.
And any more questions?
I can start with the present. Okay, so I'll continue with my presentation for today. And so I'm assuming You can see my, screen.
We are here. Can you see my screen? Yes, no, no, yes, probably not. Second.
No.
And now you can. With the horse, can you see my screen? Cool. So that's one.
Yes. Yes.
So that's one of my favorite quotes, which I already showed you when, Henry Ford said, when we when asked customer about the development, if I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said festival courses.
So basically what he implies here that the ideation does not come from research. It comes from. From the mind.
But what I do see here, there's more layers to it. And one of the layers is that there's still requirements that you have to follow, right?
So in the case of transportation here, people want to go fast, right? So, so a requirement is going fast from point A to point B.
That's in non-negotiable, right? That's If you ask people what they want, they want to go fast, they need to get from port A to point B.
So when you are thinking of requirements, that's a basic requirements and you need to think what are the basic requirements that are non-negotiable that we need to add to them in order to have a good product.
So the value proposition of horses is that they get you faster from point 8 to 4. So users just want to go faster.
They don't care how. And horses, however, are limited. The forces or their technology, they're limited.
They have they have a capacity, they die, they poop, they They all of that stuff. So the idea in the solution is what you are adding on top of it.
It's basically the feature, the functionality that you're adding, but you but you need to make sure that you know what are the basic basic basic requirements and that's something that was a little bit missing to me in the presentations.
A what are the non negotiable? What are the requirements that you need to follow? In terms of business, in terms of users and in terms of tech.
In terms of business, can you say just from this? If you're a business, what's a requirement here that you can, immediately spot?
A business requirement.
You, Henry Ford, what's Henry Ford's business requirement? When he looks at this.
He wants to be profitable.
It that's always he wants to be profitable so he wants the people right he does mention the people he wants people to use his product right he wants to give them faster horses quote unquote.
And he comes up with, you know, horsepower. He comes up with a method to give the people festival horses in.
Lower cost, but there is a business requirement. The business requirement is he needs to address what the people want because otherwise he's not a businessman.
Yes.
Since he wanted to like address little one and he made it I think he made the horizontal or like the vertical business model that, or like the assembly line that made like the production of like products way faster.
There's a lot of things to about industry, you know, if you watch. Yeah, I mean, I mean, also the labor, the automobile industry has a lot of history.
And he basically put people to work a lot. Yeah, yeah, but the idea here is basically replacing an organic product with with an industrial product but You still need to define what are your basic requirements and when you're talking everything needs to be a highlighted with first of all and I'm repaying it because it's important value proposition that's with any IT decision.
What is the value and is the value better than what's currently? Is it not what's not negotiable and what is negotiable?
And in order to understand a value proposition, really simple equation. Problem solution does this solution greater than the problem or cost benefit then you get to the value proposition and this needs to be defined and be very very clear very and very simple your value for position is 1 2 3 4 and and and and go with the things that are non-negotiable and then also basic.
So for example, people need to log on to your to your to your product, right? People need to connect.
People need to, it has to be reliable. It has to work. So there's basic requirements even beyond the functionality.
So when you're thinking of designing and you already know your mission statement, what you're doing and what your IT.
But you have to consider that. In any situation there are multiple purposes multiple personas multiple audience problems and there's different stages in there's journeys and and they, contact your product through different channels, they consume different products and you have to consume different products and you have to keep that in mind when you're designing it.
Different products and you have to keep that in mind when you're designing it. So you have to keep that in mind when you're designing it.
So you have to keep that in mind when you're designing it. So you have to show versatility or make some choices that are that are explained.
For example, I think that was in the in the borrowing system when you walked that you walked us through the the tech requirements and you said oh we'll throw in some PHP and and stuff like that.
I would want you to actually say, oh, we have dynamic website, a dynamic pages. Versus a static pages and we use dynamic pages because so and so and so.
So it has to be explained or or you throw in well when we use SQL and Mysql no I want you to say we'll have a database that will collect data on, so everything has to be explained through.
Reasoning wise you don't just throw away terms and things like that. We're moving on. You now wearing your designer head and you need to clearly communicate what you're doing, taking a holistic approach.
Everything has to be explained if it generates revenue revenue or some kind of profit or some kind of value to the business, to the users, and it needs to actually work.
Okay, so this is at the users, to the users, and it needs to actually work. Okay, so this is at the foundation because if this doesn't work.
Okay, so this is at the foundation because if this doesn't work then there's no value for people and if there's no value for people and if there's no value for people.
And if there's no value for people and if there's no value for people, there's no revenue for the people. And if there's no value for people, there's no revenue for the business, right?
So your product needs to, function. There's no revenue for the business, right? So your product needs to a function, right? So your product needs to a function. Okay, that's basic.
Then it has to deliver value, then it has to, it has to deliver value, then it has to generate revenue.
It could not. Work otherwise. So this is the order. Make sense?
The egg basically. The egg like the egg in Albany. The products work, value, revenue, and that's it.
If the product is gritchy, then people will not use it. And We requirements, so requirements and the requirements and needs to be first of all ordered by their importance.
And so, and. Oh, and you can pick whichever side you want to start with because they're all important.
So what's the most basic requirements for the users? Things that are non negotiable, users need them.
It needs to be functional needs to be to communicate and go through. Through most needed to good to have and must have.
Same with the business, will it provide us business value or it could, so you have to order them.
And with tech, is it feasible? We are really feasible and what's the cost?
Is it off the shelf? Do we need to develop it? It does something that did already exist.
I played around recently with the with the clouds, like we said, the Google Cloud and Asia and Amazon web and the cloud services offer so much functionality that didn't exist before that you can explore and you can when you talk about your product you can just say oh we can use off the shelf solutions, the tech solution feasible that will answer the things.
And so, You need to explore and look at them. For example, I saw that most crowd services has a speech to text as a text to speech, has sentiment analysis, a lot of cool stuff that you can use.
And. And of course, you need to consider always the environment in which your users are using your product.
And that's needs to come into the requirements. If it's in a concert, if they're sick, if they're at home, if they're outside, all of those needs to be considered.
And your resources and and your capabilities. So, with capabilities, you can go wild because and just explain and, and you don't have to really say, oh, we can do this or we cannot more address the environment in which the product will be used and what resources it will, demand in order to develop it.
And let's look for a second about design disaster, okay? Cause we're now a designer or deploy.
So I don't know if you knew that I love New York, the classic was changed to We Love.
N. So that happened. And what could go wrong here before I click on the link and show you.
So Eric Adams announced that we have a new logo, a We Heart and NYC.
After 45 years of this being the role. What's your opinions?
Or you don't have an opinion.
What?
Okay. New, New York is a lot. More than just New York. I said it's taken away from the rest of the state.
Yeah, exactly.
So you have a you have a logo that was implied to say that we love New York and now you're just trying to incorporate.
A small yet big sector of New York. So I would say it divides the. The state.
A lot of people see New York as the city and they forget that there's so much. So much more beyond.
And, And also this logo came at a time where people don't really love New York.
You know, like that's not, that's not the vibe. Like you can tell people we love New York if that's not the vibe you know crime is up rent is up and immigrants are being thrown out in buses.
We I've been I've been being attacked on the street every time I walk my dog weekly like it's a given that someone would jump on me so like New York is not really at the best state but basically what this and here I include the link of like how people were mocking this.
First of all, they touched on a tradition that shouldn't be touched. And but it was very out of touch, you know, that's not what people wanted.
It got a lot of backlash. It's a design for PAR just because it wasn't researched and it wasn't tested.
So, and when you're making decisions and design decisions, it's good to show them, sorry, it's good to show them to users and get the feedback before you deploy because you can really mess up for example if you remember Hillary Clinton and her first logo.
Does anyone remember what happened with Hillary and the logo that she came out with?
So it was an arrow, it was the H, her H and an error that comes through the age, but he basically looked like the World Trade Center disaster like a plane that comes for 2 buildings and people were giving her so much crack about that so because She can have a logo that looks like a national disaster.
So again, it shows. Not tested, not true.
What's that? Oh, sorry.
Yes, of course there will be.
Jokes and we can for rent. So just keep in mind, design decisions need to be in terms of the users.
Now let's think of a specific specific a specific terms and ideas. So first of all, a problem, problem, problems.
I want to see a clear. You can call it needs, you can call it pain points, you can call it gaps.
And the basic is the initial stage that should be the result.
Of discovery, a you need to represent the current, what's the gap between current state and desired state and you need to communicate that very 3, a dimensions that you,
Make those problems.
User, the business and the tech. And you can all and you have the 3 other 3 dimensions. It doesn't add value proposition, it's not comparative advantage, and it's not a sustainable.
So a list of problems, gaps, pain points. And or even opportunities if you don't wanna be so negative is needed at the beginning of each product.
Of each project. And that's what I wanted to see based on research supported by data. Make sure that you have a very clear and prioritized list of problems and opportunity.
Once you have that requirements, okay, so requirements is basically description of what your product or IT must do and or must have okay so must the word is must and it served as a formalized
And the basis of design and development. Now, because we're in the time crunch and we are running, I will honestly say I still have not seen a very organized and clear list of requests.
From any of the teams. Okay, so that's something that you need to think about. Okay, so that's something that you need to think about.
Okay, so that's something that you need to think about a list of requirements that will guide you. Very, very clear, very simple.
You should not, it shouldn't be something that, lost. It's a slide with 1, 2, 3, 4 list of requirements.
It must have, a, and that will guide you. Okay, so, I don't want to give you, I don't want to, but I want to put ideas in your head but I think it's pretty It's pretty easy, but not easy.
Like I can think of requirements for each of the teams and pinpoints for each of the teams, but that's something that I want to see.
The requirements based on the pain points now after you have requirements let's assume that we have that And now we develop the solutions, right?
So based on the requirements, we are developing features, functionalities, a basically ways to fulfill those requirements, okay?
And because that's the goal here to find to use technology to solve needs problems or or any opportunities.
This one I put it just because I had it in the old, in the old side. And, but I think it's a good idea.
I just, I need to put it like in later on, but I'll just explain to it now.
And Usually your product has different types of, presence and touch points and different activities and different functionalities and you don't need to attack all of them but you need to explain why you are focusing on one or at least when you reach reduce just say that there's different touch points and different functionalities and and address that because there's so much technology.
And so much advancement. I would add to this, you know, we have no voice and we have, a smart watches and we have the R and we have all of those very different platforms and different activities.
So, a you need to start by mapping out all the presence and all the platforms and all the digital touch points.
Different activities that you want people to you to do and why. And then if you want to focus on a certain activity, that's fine, but needs to be explained why you choice, what you chose to focus just on that.
It makes sense. Yeah, cool. So, and functionality, the functionality is different than requirements.
Okay? Functionality is basically the is the child of our requirements. And so. The definition of functionality is basically what the product system or service can do.
Okay, it's the solution. So a functionality of Zoom, a video, a transfer, video, and audio and text.
It has a chat. It has a participant count. It has a recording feature. It has an animation feature.
So this, for example, is a functionality. It's a, okay, it's a functionality, something that, that, a system that the IT can use.
Is this, this answer requirement of, making it dynamic, the presentation dynamic. Is there a master?
Is this a an important requirement? I will not say, but it's here. What's the most important requirement you think for Zoom, which they do pretty well?
Like the number one requirement.
Video has to work.
The video has to work flawlessly, right? And they're very pretty good with that. They're pretty good with that.
They and there's a lot of object that goes behind it, you know, because there's a lot of object that goes behind it, you know, because, the video has to be smooth and walk fluorously and we need to know that it's dependable and we need to know that it's dependable and we need to know that it's dependable and we can actually use it's dependable and we can actually use
it and also it needs to be able to accommodate a large number of participants and also it needs to be able to accommodate a large number of participants and that's where the other systems are failing.
That's another important functionality and it has to be. To all for recording and and screen sharing.
All of those are very, very important functionality. For a lot of types of users and scenarios.
So that's also important because you have business, you have education, you have, you have a courses so it depends on the scenario.
For example, a functionality that's not super important is that I can, don't even know where it is.
Let's see if I can. Just something so you can see me. I can choose an avatar.
I can have video filters all of those stuff it's a nice to have it's not a master because it will not be a value proposition, will not be competitive advantage.
It wouldn't add to. And zoom sustainability. Yes, Becky.
So for the, excuse me, for this project. For the requirements, are these things like being able to log in to the app, for example, obviously a requirement, but that already exists.
So are we identifying requirements that exist already that are necessary or requirements that we're adding.
Yeah, but you know being able to like logging in is a functionality. And, and that's, this is slid here.
So requirement is that the user requirement is access, right? User are able to access, easily the IT, whether it's by phone or by computer or you need to also explaining or through their watch or then the functionality is the logging in.
Now, I haven't tried, your, IT, but I'm wondering if the logging in is simple and easy.
Maybe it's not. And maybe that maybe you can improve it a little bit. But it is a functionality that falls under 1 one of the basic requirements.
And I have a feeling that in your specific situation, actually the login in could be simplified and could also add to the business because you can get data from users.
So look into that. But the product has to work. Right? So that's a basic requirement.
In your case, it has to be fun. It has to What's the most important requirement for you?
Just can you think of one that you can tell me?
Yeah, I can think of a few. The one of the requirements is that the scoring has to work.
Like the scoring has to be accurate and it has to be timely or else there's no point.
So, so I would say and go into a more fundamental psychological things like trust, like user need to be able to trust this system because because it needs to be reliable.
And because if users will spot that, that it's. Or then that's it. You don't get you don't get another chance, you know, like, I see a lot with the drive.
There's so many like driving apps and parking apps and and things like that. And when they mess up, they just lose the or they just lose the users, right?
And so, and look what happened with Gemini of Google, like you need to you need to deliver what you are.
Promising to deliver. In your case, it's this game that you need to explain. So the requirement it needs to just work.
Okay, because otherwise I would say it's amateurs and I would need it. Okay, so that's a requirement and under that there's functionality.
So you start with requirement and then boom, you throw functionalities. And And usually in class what I do and I know the functionality, those features, okay, and I'm going to delete this.
On our nation because it's just annoying. Where is the? Okay, so we have requirement under required.
We have functionality and now we get to the good stuff, we have function under required, we have functionality, and now we get to the good stuff, which is features and features are like send, there's a millions of them.
So usually what I do in class, but but here we are running out of time and I don't know it's just have people I come with a stack of sticky notes and you can do it digitally with Miro or with whatever platform you want to use and start throwing away features and features that you think that your product need.
And just anything goes, anything goes like I would I would go crazy. I will go, a live nation, a feature, a how many calories are in the food, a feature, a word of the song that's currently playing a feature.
Don't be, just throw it out there. Okay. And then once you have this list, start grouping them. Okay.
Start grouping those features under a functionalities, start grouping them under requirements and start grouping them based on importance and of course document the whole thing and and that will help you to, first of all, it will get anything, it will get everything and make sure that you covered all the bases.
You just, you had like a fun creative experiment and and from that you are choosing basically what's a must have, right? And from that, you are choosing basically what's the must have, right?
And John, yes.
Yeah, I was just gonna add. So I've been using Miro, for work ever since, Matt had showed us and since you're, you're raising this, they have a template exactly for what you're talking about and I don't the name of the template is not coming right to mind right now.
But essentially it's, kinda like must have nice to have, so on and so forth.
So if it will help groups, what you're saying, you know, with the template is essentially you know with the template is essentially you throw all of them out there and then you start to kind of peel back from there. It's essentially you throw all of them out there and then you start to kind of peel back from there.
So it just thought it aligned well with what you're talking about and might be helpful for groups.
Yeah, I think I showed it to less question. The templates are good, but I think before you go into the templates, just going to like a black, like a blank canvas and just really each one of you take like a corner.
Is big so you can really and you know you don't have to be tied together and just start throwing your ideas maybe in different colors and different different, stick notes and we and the department we try to do it with, with the Google one, the Google board, I forgot how it's called, and it didn't work well because first of all there wasn't a good chorus separation and it
wasn't clear who wrote each sticky note and we went over each other. So I think Miro is much better.
And you see this is a this if we're talking about a requirement. So a requirement for digital, to digital whiteboard is that will be able to work simultaneously, will be able to have a lot of ideas thrown out to be able to maybe recognize.
Who suggested what. So that's why we're picking. Google. Okay, so.
But very clearly with your features. I love this part. Yes, EverGE. Good question.
Yes, thanks. I'm just wanna make sure are we using You know, we were talking about business requirements and now we're talking about like a subset of that which would be user requirements and then.
Features that fit into those requirements. I'm having trouble.
So there's there's a there's a period. Okay, so there's a pyramid and I'm repeat so there's requirements right based on your research there are requirements are basically the fundamental laws or the fundamental goals.
This is what your product needs to do, okay? The, it's, upper level, a, a rule that should guide you.
Okay, so your, for example, we is it needs to a present all the all the users prescription in one place like like prescription management.
That's a, all the users prescription in one place, like like prescription management. That's a require. Okay.
Upper level based on research. Under beneath that, there's something, it's functionality.
Functionality is breaking the requirement into actual this thing like what the product is actually doing. So. If the requirement is so upper level, managing user prescription, the functionality is having like a table, managing user prescription.
The functionality is having like a table of keeping track of prescriptions. And I don't want to show you mine.
I just did it this week. I did it using the AI tools because I wanted to have one place to have all my prescription.
Okay. What it's how you get that functionality. So if functionality is for example, the functionality of the product is, displaying an e-ticket.
So the feature is having a QR code. A feature is. And showing a pick a sinking with different apps.
The feature is being able to pay using your phone, a feature, feature is the actual, it's the most, it's the bottom.
It's like exactly all the things. That your product is doing and you can just be very, very creative with this.
All the features and From that you decide so a requirements on top functionalities underneath it and then features so you can imagine it's like a tree diagram.
Thank you.
Okay, make sense. And you know what, start experimenting because we have time. So start throwing it and then.
We will have a discussion, you know, if it's a, if what you did is good, you know, but, but first start being creative and start thinking.
About your requirements, features and functionality. And, so basically, but at the end of the day or in your final presentation, you need to tell a story, right?
Or you need to show us a process. So it starts with. The needs and ends in the feature delivery, right?
So you start with recognizing a need, right, recognizing the problem, working as a pain point. And based on that, at the end, you are delivering a feature that provides a specific functionality.
That provides a solution, right? It means the requirements. So really simple, everything in life is it sounds complicated, but everything is life is based on that.
So a functionality, a requirement for me is that I will have something to hydrate myself. While I'm talking.
I need to drink. So a feature is this water bottle that's always next to me, the functionality that it provides me is that I can have water while I'm talking.
Okay, so that's a problem, solution. Here's the feature, the functionality.
You got it. And raised in hand by Zoom, the raising hand gesture. So that's a feature.
The functionality is for users to and I got to basically to to signal that they wanna say something. And the requirement is to allow participation to allow a dynamic conversation.
Okay, so it goes from. Requirement, dynamic conversation of a class. To make it a similar as possible to a real-class setting.
The functionality is allowing the different users or students to signal that they have something to say. And the feature is the handwr, the hand rising, okay?
And you can also go step forward so to be inclusive you can pick the color right of your hand because so you feel included so you feel that the hands represent you.
And you can, select different hand gesture, it comes up, comes down.
So these are sub features in sites of features in size of feature but but this is an example of a feature that answers a very important requirement.
Okay. And Yeah, are you okay? Did you get it? Did you get hit?
You okay?
Hmm. I just have an eye issue.
Okay, no, because I was like, okay.
Die on my eye and it's just I can't get to the doctor until Friday.
I got you. That's okay, everyone. You see, oh, by the way, and just very quickly, I will tell, during the break, my partner was come again complaining that that he had a prescription at the pharmacy.
He went there. You got an email, again, a message. He went there and the prescription was not there. They told him, oh, we already gave it to someone.
So basically he just worked for nothing. So, and then I told him, okay, this product will answer your need and he's like, we have, it's a must.
Okay, so there's a lot of people with a problem like that and he was so angry on the guy.
How did they get my prescription? I don't know. So needed. And what we're seeing right here in front of us is the design thinking framework.
Which is a event by ideal which you should follow when you are doing your, your building of your product.
You empathize. You basically understand the audience that you are designing the proc for the IT 4.
You define what the needs or the requirements you then That's where you should be now ideating start to brainstorm with creative solution.
Nothing is off the table. The more ridiculous, the better. Why do you care? Stop throwing sticky notes like you don't care.
Okay, so, a heaven AI companion, that comes with you to the concerts. Can be so stupid, you know, just do whatever, just throw your sticky notes because no idea is a bad idea.
And but based on that you start prioritizing it maybe use the cost benefit analysis maybe use the must have a nice to have.
Not have a And you should stop being prepared in the next weeks we would want to see a prototype.
There's different stages but just know that that's where we're going. Becky, you asked where we're going.
So we're going towards building a prototype. I have no requirements on which tool you use to build a prototype.
When I took this class, I, my product was was a website to share because I'm a dog owner and I noticed that here in New York dog owners don't help each other and I was like why I'm in the same building and let's say I'm late for work.
I want someone to walk my dogs. Why can a neighbor do that? So I invented like this app that allow people to share, you know, based on location, dog owners, but I create, I created my prototype in just like copy paste, you know, like I had no tool, I just.
Took a screenshot of an app and then started copy pasting like really, really old school because it was years ago.
So this is also and I think it was pretty I will show it to you. You can, the point is you can do whatever you want to do in the prototype.
Just show us something that represents your idea. Figma is a good solution. Dobby, this is a good solution.
Usually the way it works best is if someone in each team is like obsessing over it and then they become the go to person but I would like each one of you to at least try and experiment and then be prepared to test.
And what you what you came up with with users and get feedback and because when you presenting you should say we actually improve the KPIs.
We actually did something, we solved the problem or you didn't but it needs to be tested. So this is the process and this is what we're doing for the rest of the semester.
That's clear now. That's good. It's actually this is the fun part I think.
And so you understood the problem, user research. We are now here at the area of information architecture. You, you, once you come up with those ideas, you start building the flow of your product, how does it go because it needs to have some kind of order, where do people start, how do they go, the whole, the whole a structure of your product.
You then move to building it out wireframing and prototyping. Can someone explain to me what what's the wireframe?
As opposed to prototype. And maybe running, because it relates to what you presented. Is running here?
Yeah, Ronnie, where is the wireframe?
So I interpret the wireframe to be more like a blueprint. Like that's how I see it.
So it's kind of like. Sorry, you go ahead.
But. No, no, no, no, sorry.
So like I said, I interpret as like a blueprint. So it kind of gives you like a layout without giving it's like a black and white.
You don't put any graphics in it. It's just shapes and it gives you a general layout.
What it would look out look like without including any graphics or you include some colors. But it's just like just what it is.
Shapes. Okay.
Yeah, so should squares to the time. I mean, I mean, there's no, there's no like rules and Gallic, sometimes people do put pictures there.
Yeah.
But the idea is that Wi-Fi that wireframe is a very simple sketch of a screen basically or an interaction point.
You can do it by paper now by the way you I tried it's fun. You can just write on paper and there's so many AI tool that will translate that into a digital thing.
It's cool, but you can also use FIGMA to just drag and rock. You can use RC chart, but it's just a very, very, very basic.
Layout of how your touch points will look. This will be an image, this will be a button, this will be ahead, this will be a text, this will be a navigation bar.
So you just structure it and based on that you actually build the prototype that looks nice that users can interact with.
And this is the depends on you on your perfectionism. I mean, users can also interact with drawings on paper if needed.
But I would love for you to have a nice prototype. So start thinking about that. I will not judge you in any way, but a good prototype is always a impressive.
And right now we're in the area in the in the phase of a information hierarchy in the design.
So basically you, once you decided a, you made a decision on the features and functionalities.
And you need to, organize how your information will flow. A inside your product. So from the first touch point that users have with your IT.
To the different tasks that user are doing. So just. Just like drawing it out, you know, how do people.
Access to yours. So it's the access screen right or or it's it's it could be scanning the QR code at a concert or whatever the first.
The first touch point and then where do they go? What are their option? It becomes more and more and more elaborated like a MET almost.
And And if you want some inspiration, you can always Google this and look at the information hierarchy of existing products or your, or your, competitors.
It's out there and because it's no secret, there's also a lot of tools that just they just give it to you and see how they build their information hierarchy and get inspiration from it.
And I believe that in the readings that I gave you a few, and so just look, look it up and see how they deal it and.
And you'll do it now. I'm the first step is just a for you to establish a clear visual understanding of how you want your product to be built.
Okay? What's the flow? And, it's important because it will help.
Me, you, everyone to understand what exactly, how the user interacts with your product. And where will be each content, a type, where will, where will you place the different functionalities?
Again, it's flexible. You're not co-meeting to anything, you can drag and drop and move it, but it's a starting point.
It's like a map. And is it logical? Is it intuitive? And it will guide you at the end for, when you actually create your design, but this will go into to a lot of changes.
It's just You're drawing out a map of your product. Cool questions? This is fun.
This is like the fun. Like this is So this is something that we're not doing yet. You can look at it from the slides just because I, I did think that you have questions.
We're not there yet. This is like after the spring break, but just so you know where we're going.
Start by just. Deciding on your functionalities and doing some kind of flow, you will translate this flow to wireframes that are connected.
Again, this is not for next week. This is just the future. So you do something like this, very low fidelity and draw it out and it's based on this is a picture of how used to look when we did it face to face.
So So I like different colors. I like the same color, but it's this is the base of this.
Okay. And actually an advantage of doing it digitally is that it's saved, right? Like here people took pictures of it, but it's saved.
You can always go back to it. So this should inform your design and your hierarchy. This should inform something like this.
Okay, so it informs how you want it to be built if the product already exists like Brock toology like Live Nation, a then you can either.
What's already there or you can shuffle it and just explain why if you think it's not smart.
If you think it doesn't, it's not well. Everything is up for interpretation. You start with discussion and then you get to here.
And so feature selection, I think I have 5 min, right? 5 min you need to give me the 5 so doing 5 min.
So So when you select your feature, remember, does anyone ever heard MVP before?
It's not most valuable player, MVP in the context of technology. Do you know what MVP is?
Yes.
You do not, okay. You, John, so you heard it like in thrown out in in pictures.
Yeah, I have like when we were implementing Salesforce and things like that they would talk about MVP so
Everyone loves MVP. So if you'll go to like a startup page, you will hear the word MVP like a million times.
And you can do like almost a bingo with. So MVP meaning it means minimum viable product, meaning the bare minimum for it to function.
Okay. So you need to start with a identifying what is your MVP. What's the bare minimum?
Okay, the very very bare minimum and on top of that you're building. So for each of your product there's a bare minimum.
Without the flare without the thing. What is the bare minimum that will be a product? That's working. Okay.
Usually when a startup comes, it goes to like as for funding and stuff like that. They need to show an MVP.
They need to show that there is at least something that works. Then on top of that, you can build.
And you decide after that you do a cost benefit analysis you decide. What will provide the most benefit and what will being less costly and you list everything.
I just want to finish with that. You can do a priority like this. Business value, complexity or cost.
A value of visibility as long as you analyze it. Now this is for next classes. And once you have a sticky note, you organize it based on different functionalities and you start to have some kind of information architecture.
This is for next classes. I just want you to have it. Let's go to what I'm asking you to do.
Those free tools that are included to do stuff like this. Lucy Chart is one of them. And,
There's joining maps at templates. And, okay. In vision, B, SAMIK, WANT, you have all those tools.
Let's talk about what the reflection journal for next week. So briefly summarize chapters 11 and 12 and if you can, oh I didn't create here but I included it in the description of.
Of the actual assignment because of what Matthew, a brought if you can, to, a organize all of your, cause you already, summarize the book chapters and previously so just organize all of your previous book chapters together because I would I would address that.
Organize them together and we'll talk about the different book chapters. So. Please do that.
That's the summary part. And now I assigned a lot of readings I'll show you in a second there should help you.
And should help you develop your information architecture. And I need to change this. A what I want you to do is the process that we just described.
Start with the sticky note or with a whiteboard. Think think of your fundamental requirements underneath it. Think of your different functionalities then suggest features, organize them based on their value, based on their importance and start diagram, start or start diagramming them into an order into a flow.
Okay, now you'll have time to walk on it. You should not have a finished product, but I need to see that there was some kind of process of thinking.
And you have 2 weeks, to do it and you have a lot of, a lot of supporting, a material and for that.
So here I am at the course at the course, right? So I'm going to the content.
And I already uprooted a meet course survey. So this is anonymous. Anonymous and here just use it to tell me what you think about the course about me, about everything.
One, I heard everything insult me. I can take it. Okay, so go wild on here.
And I put in the readings for 2 weeks what we are when we are meeting.
And let's go to week 9. So that's the design phase. And I put a lot, but they're all cool.
So rules of beautiful, design, a behavioral approach to a product design. I also included the actual like I downloaded the page if it doesn't work, but I prefer that you go to the actual website.
If it doesn't work, then you have it download here. It's the same thing. GPT prompts that will help you, a beginner's guide to information architecture and also download that.
And more readings that about design, how to wireframe, how to develop a content strategy, and how to use design thinking in Miro.
And so a lot of readings that are about the design process. And about how to go about the information architecture.
I don't want summaries of these, okay? I just want you to go through them. They're here to help you.
Go through them, learn something from them and apply them when you actually doing developing your actual product. Now, I'll start, I'll devote next week to touching upon the theory, a from the book.
That's why I ask you to organize it. I will go over it. And but, what I'm doing it and I'm not.
Testing you on it and I want the more hands-on approach. I want you to start focusing on developing your product, designing it.
Creating the information architecture, clear, clear requirements, clear functionality and all of that. Sounds good.
Yep. And listen, this is fun. This is, yeah.
Do you have like exactly what's what you want? Us to do for the next class somewhere?
And so what is the executive? Yes, so first of all I wrote my I wrote my what I'm asking of you.
Second, I wrote it in because it's weekly. Is that you? Yeah, so we are talking about weekly reflection, which one's 7, right?
Hmm.
Oh, it gives me here. So let's go to the actual thing.
So,
Don't summarize the readings. Hear me to change this. This is not great. And Don't just don't use just chapter 11 and 12 or edit it, use all the readings or whatever you want.
Discuss with me how the concepts. And. A apply in your information architecture. And focus on the key principle methods and tools in the in the chapters the readings in general and these readings.
So you.
But more importantly, I want you, I want you to, to end up with some suggestion of information hierarchy in order to do do so you need to define the functionality of your product in order to do the functionality.
You need to define the requirements, right? So what I want from is to start with a whiteboard.
With the requirements. With different functionalities, put the different features and. Select what you wanna do and how it looks like it's up to you.
Doesn't have to be pretty because it's not the final product. Just a step. And in the meetings you have a lot of examples how it looks like for inspiration.
Okay.
And you also have it in the slides. You have also read in the slides, but again, you should approach it in the way that's more most comfortable for you.
And start by, requirements go to functionalities and then. I think how you are a structuring it.
One like this, this. There's many ways to do it. What's important for me is to see that you set your thought and you clearly understand.
What you're doing, what your product is doing. So that's what I want to see.
I want to see a nice flow to understand what you're doing. Because we have. So look at the timing.
And And usually people joining like in the industry they do in less time, but we're on. We are learning, so let's look at the syllabus for a second and I'm sorry that I'm holding you just so you know where we're going.
So the, so the discovery phase with done with it. Right. And we have the spring break here.
And then we have in next class talking about the wireframing, low federally prototyping.
I'm going to talk about the book. Here was planning to talk about the book. Just to give you time to prototype Here you should already have a walking prototype and test and start testing it.
Here you should have. Results from the test because the final presentations are here. So basically.
So the syllabus. The syllabus is correct then, like just. Like the silk.
Time, timing.
Yeah, the service is correct in terms of on April, 24 is when we have to finish because the course is finished.
So by April, the 24 you have the pro you have the presentation, right? And after the spring break.
You will supposed to have some current information hierarchy because I would want for next class to you have a low feed early prototype.
Here you should have a high fidelity prototype or I'm talking about the book.
You should be working on high fidelity prototype. Here you should be testing your prototype.
You should be finalizing your presentations and also I encourage you to maybe come to my office hours and walk talk to me about your presentation.
Maybe I can help. And then here you have to present. It's just a given. And I will give you more time a week more for, for delivering the paper, but this is the when the frontal or the semester ends.
So it's just the way it is.
Okay, so In 2 weeks you want slides of our architecture.
In 2 weeks. So I want but not perfect. Listen, whatever you can, I want But just remember, just be mindful of the time set because the architecture will inform your raw fidelity, which inform your high fidelity.
Okay.
Just be mindful of the of the time. That's all. What I want, what I what I would really want, but I would be insisted in 2 weeks.
I wanted to you as a team are very clear on what you're doing. Okay, because that's the main port.
Clear on your functionality, clear on your features, clear on your requirements. It's a given and with that you can finish it in very quickly.
But if it's not clear, then you'll be all over the place. So that's what I want in 2 weeks.
Sounds good.
Okay.
The whole is less important. Just be clear and get the clearance by, throwing ideas, prioritizing them, and deciding as a team.
Sounds good.
Okay. And that's I think that's IT development. And so yes, I think, Joe Mutt was with his hands like really for a long time.
Yeah, Joan.
Oh yeah, I think, it's a question I can ask the team. It was just like, yeah, it's pretty, I, you already answered it.
Okay, hey Ryan.
Yeah, just wanted to see if you had a couple of minutes for our group just to discuss. The sixth reflection after class.
Just for a couple of minutes if you're gonna be okay.
Of course. And also if there's, a, Matthew, if you can stay for a second, I can stay for a second.
I want, can you stay after the class? Perfect. Sassy, what do you want?
Yeah, one question I have, when you say a testable.
First of all, I go back. Did you did you come? Did you land?
Yeah, yeah, I came back yesterday last night. Yes, yeah, that's true. Yeah, thank you very much.
Are you back in? Congratulations. I know. Cause it's horrible.
I know.
There's no internet. Apparently there's no internet in India that's horrible. Who are you?
It's a, it's the power cut. It's not the internet thing, it's the power cut like I mean, the hour that we were presenting.
So that's the. Horrible thing.
Yeah. No, I mean, they fly people, they fly people to space. They fly people to space where they don't have internet.
Yeah.
That's really interesting. Okay, so yeah, what did you want to ask?
So the question I have is like when you say a testable product, a testable product or you know which generates the results.
So what is exactly, I mean, what is the expectation out of this prototype professor? That's what I want to know.
So I'm giving it up to you. I can show you what previous groups did in the past.
The bar is high